EX-10.3 4 ex10-3.htm AMENDMENT AGREEMENT



**[VERTEX ENERGY, INC. 8-K](vtnr_8k-092524.htm) **

**Exhibit 10.3**

  

**CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN OMITTED AND REPLACED
WITH "[***]". SUCH IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT
BECAUSE IT IS (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) THE REGISTRANT CUSTOMARILY AND
ACTUALLY TREATS THAT INFORMATION AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL.**



**AMENDMENT AGREEMENT**

dated as of September 25, 2024



[to the



ISDA 2002 Master Agreement

deemed entered into as of March 31, 2022



between



**MACQUARIE BANK LIMITED (ABN** **46 008 583 542)** | and | **VERTEX REFINING ALABAMA LLC**  
---|---|---  
**(Party A)** |   | **(Party B)**  
  


WHEREAS, the parties hereto have previously entered into an agreement in the
form of an ISDA 2002 Master Agreement deemed entered into between Party A and
Party B on March 31, 2022 (such ISDA 2002 Master Agreement, together with any
schedules, trade confirmations, credit support and other annexes, and exhibits
(including any of the foregoing that are expressly incorporated by reference
therein), the "**Agreement** "), such Agreement as amended, supplemented
and/or restated from time to time;



WHEREAS, on or around September 24, 2024, Party B and certain of its
respective affiliates filed voluntary petitions for relief commencing cases
under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code captioned _In re Vertex Energy, Inc.
et al_. (the "**Chapter 11 Cases** ") in the United States Bankruptcy Court
for the Southern District of Texas, Houston division (such court, or another
federal court exercising jurisdiction over the Chapter 11 Cases, the
"**Bankruptcy Court** ");



WHEREAS, in connection with the Chapter 11 Cases, Party A and Party B wish to
amend the Agreement, on the terms set forth in this Amendment Agreement, with
effect from (and including) the Effective Date (as defined below);



WHEREAS, it is the intention of Party B to confirm that all obligations of
Party B under the Agreement, as amended, amended and restated, supplemented,
refinance or otherwise modified hereby on or as of the date hereof shall
continue in effect from and after the Effective Date, subject to the terms and
conditions set forth in this Amendment Agreement, including the entry by the
Bankruptcy Court of the Interim Intermediation Order and the Final
Intermediation Order (as such terms are defined below) within the time periods
set forth herein;



NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained, the
parties hereby agree as follows:



| **1.**| **Definitions and Interpretation**  
---|---|---  
  


| **1.1**| **Definitions**  
---|---|---  
  


In this Amendment Agreement:



"**Assurance Agreement** " means that certain Assurance and Amendment and
Restatement Agreement dated on or around September 24, 2024 by and among
Macquarie Energy North America Trading Inc. ("**Macquarie** "), Party B,
Vertex Renewables Alabama LLC, and Vertex Energy, Inc., as amended, restated,
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.



"**Effective Date** " means the date on which the Effective Time (as defined
in the Assurance Agreement) occurs.








"**Interim DIP Order** " has the meaning given to that term in the Assurance
Agreement.



"**Interim Intermediation Order** " has the meaning given to that term in the
Assurance Agreement.



| **1.2**| **Incorporation of Defined Terms**  
---|---|---  
  


Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined in this Amendment Agreement
have the meanings given to them in the Agreement or the SOA, as applicable.



| **2.**| **Deferral and Delay of Enforcement, Termination or Certain Rights**  
---|---|---  
  


| 2.1| **Delay and Deferral Period**  
---|---|---  
  


| (a)| For the period of time following the commencement of the Chapter 11
Cases through the entry of the Interim Intermediation Order (provided such
Interim Intermediation Order is entered within three (3) days following the
time of filing of the petition commencing the Chapter 11 Cases), and for the
period of time that the Interim Intermediation Order is in full force and
effect (but not to exceed the earlier of thirty (30) days after the Petition
Date), the "**Delay and Deferral Period** "), Party A expressly agrees to
defer and delay (but does not waive) the utilization or enforcement of any
contractual right to: liquidate, terminate or accelerate a commodity contract
or forward contract as such terms are used in section 556 of the Bankruptcy
Code; liquidate, terminate or accelerate a swap agreement as such terms are
used in section 560 of the Bankruptcy Code; and/or terminate, liquidate,
accelerate or offset under a master netting agreement as such terms are used
in section 561 of the Bankruptcy Code; liquidate, terminate or accelerate any
other transaction (including, without limitation, any Transaction entered into
by Party A and Party B under the Agreement); each because of a condition of
the kind specified in section 365(e)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code (the "**Delayed
Remedies** "). For the avoidance of doubt and without limitation, the Delayed
Remedies shall apply to the following types of provisions: cross-default,
cross acceleration, adequate assurance, ratings triggers, bankruptcy default,
and no contemplation of bankruptcy representations.  
---|---|---  
  


| (b)| If the Final Intermediation Order is entered within the Delay and
Deferral Period, the Party A expressly agrees to waive any further utilization
and enforcement of the Delayed Remedies during the continuation of the Chapter
11 Cases. For the avoidance of doubt, this waiver shall apply only in
connection with the Chapter 11 Cases and only with respect to rights and
remedies that could otherwise have been exercised based on the commencement of
the Chapter 11 Cases and shall not apply to any exercise of any such rights or
remedies in, based on or with respect to any other or future bankruptcy case
or any other event.  
---|---|---  
  


| (c)| Nothing in Section 2.1(a) or 2.1(b) shall be construed to suggest that
Party A shall suspend and/or temporarily waive its right to exercise any
remedies arising from a Default or Event of Default (other than the
commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases) occurring under the Agreement after the
commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases in accordance with the terms of the
Agreement, and the Interim Intermediation Order and the Final Intermediation
Orders.  
---|---|---  
  


| 2.2| **Effectiveness of Amendments**  
---|---|---  
  


If the Interim Intermediation Order is not entered within three (3) days
following the Petition Date (or such other time period as may be agreed by
Macquarie, in its sole discretion), then the amendments to the Agreement as
set forth in this Amendment shall not take effect.








| **3.**| **Amendment of the Agreement**  
---|---|---  
  


The Agreement shall be amended on and after the Effective Date as follows:



| (a)| Part 1(g) (_Additional Termination Event_) of the Schedule to the
Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the Additional Termination Event
specified in sub-paragraph (1) of the Schedule to the Agreement and replacing
it with the following:  
---|---|---  
  


| "(1)| If at any time Party B's obligations under this Agreement fail or
cease to be secured with the ranking and order of priority of security and
claims specified in Exhibit 2 (Relative Lien Priorities on Collateral) and
Exhibit 3 (Relative Claim Priorities) to the Interim Intermediation Order;".  
---|---|---  
  


| (b)| Part 4(h) (_Governing Law_) of the Schedule to the Agreement is hereby
amended by adding the following:  
---|---|---  
  


"**_Jurisdiction_**. WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDINGS RELATING
TO ANY DISPUTE ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT
("PROCEEDINGS"), EACH PARTY IRREVOCABLY:



| (i)| SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE BANKRUPTCY COURT; AND  
---|---|---  
  


| (ii)| WAIVES ANY OBJECTION WHICH IT MAY HAVE AT ANY TIME TO THE LAYING OF
VENUE OF ANY PROCEEDINGS BROUGHT IN SUCH COURT, WAIVES ANY CLAIM THAT SUCH
PROCEEDINGS HAVE BEEN BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM AND FURTHER WAIVES THE
RIGHT TO OBJECT, WITH RESPECT TO SUCH PROCEEDINGS, THAT SUCH COURT DOES NOT
HAVE ANY JURISDICTION OVER SUCH PARTY. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES,
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION TO PERSONAL
JURISDICTION, WHETHER ON GROUNDS OF VENUE, RESIDENCE OR DOMICILE.".  
---|---|---  
  


| (c)| Part 5(f) (_Additional Covenant_) of the Schedule to the Agreement is
hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:  
---|---|---  
  


[***]



| (d)| Part 5(s) (_Other Provisions_) of the Schedule to the Agreement is
amended by adding the following after the words "Event of Default" in the
sixth line thereto:  
---|---|---  
  


"_provided,_ that the foregoing shall not apply upon the occurrence and during
the continuation of the Delay and Deferral Period."



| (e)| Part 5 (_Other Provisions_) of the Schedule to the Agreement is amended
by adding a new clause (t) as follows:  
---|---|---  
  


"(t) **_Additional Definitions_**. Section 14 of the Agreement is amended by
adding the following new defined terms in alphabetical order:



""**_Acceptable Plan or Sale_** " means a plan of reorganization or sale under
Section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code reasonably acceptable to Party A provided
that a sale or plan of reorganization will be deemed to be acceptable to Party
A if it provides for (x) to the extent the Transactions hereunder are
terminated or expire in connection with such plan or sale, payment in full in
cash of all amounts owed to Party A under the Agreement or cash
collateralization of all actual or contingent obligations (other than inchoate
indemnity obligations) owed to Party A under the Agreement that may arise on
or after the termination or expiration date of such terminated Transactions;
(y) with respect to a plan of reorganization, Party A will receive releases as
a "Released Party" and provide releases as a "Releasing Party", in each case,
under and as defined in such plan (provided that such releases will not apply
to any obligations owing with respect to any Transactions under this
Agreement; and (z) to the extent such plan or sale requires that the Party A
continue to transact with Party B under the Agreement after the effective date
of such plan or sale, Party A determines, in good faith and in a commercially
reasonable manner and in accordance with its internal policies and procedures
(including, without limitation, those related to 'know-your customer''
requirements) that it is able to continue transacting with Party A on or after
the effective date of such plan of reorganization or sale under Section 363 of
the Bankruptcy Code."








""**_Assurance Agreement_** " means the Assurance and Amendment and
Restatement Agreement dated on or around September 24, 2024 by and among
MENAT, Party B, Vertex Renewables Alabama LLC, and Vertex Energy, Inc."



""**_Bankruptcy Code_** " means Title 11, U.S. Code."



""**_Bankruptcy Court_** " has the meaning given to such term in the SOA."



""**_Chapter 11 Cases_** " means the cases under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy
Code captioned _In re Vertex Energy, Inc. et al._ commenced via Party B and
certain of its respective affiliates filing voluntary petitions for relief in
the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas, Houston
division on or around September 24, 2024."



""**_Debtor_** " has the meaning given to such term in the Interim
Intermediation Order."



""**_Delay and Deferral Period_** " means the period of time following the
commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases through the entry of the Interim
Intermediation Order (provided such Interim Intermediation Order is entered
within three (3) days following the time of filing of the petition commencing
the Chapter 11 Cases), and for the period of time that the Interim
Intermediation Order is in full force and effect (but not to exceed thirty
(30) days after the Petition Date)."



""**_Effective Date_** " has the meaning given to such term in the amendment
agreement entered into between Party A and Party B on or around September 24,
2024 in relation to the Agreement (the "**_Amendment Agreement_** ").



""**_Final Intermediation Order_** " means a final order of the Bankruptcy
Court granted the relief provided for in the Interim Intermediation Order on a
final basis."



""**_Interim DIP Order_** " has the meaning given to such term in the Interim
Intermediation Order."



""**_Interim Intermediation Order_** " has the meaning given to such term in
the Assurance Agreement."



""**_MENAT_** " means Macquarie Energy North America Trading Inc."



""**_Petition Date_** " has the meaning given to such term in the Interim DIP
Order."



""**_Post-Petition Financing Agreement_** " means that certain Senior Secured
Super-Priority Debtor-in-Possession Loan and Security Agreement dated on or
around September 24, 2024 by and among the Party B, as borrower, the other
parties party thereto from time to time as guarantors, Cantor Fitzgerald
Securities, as agent for the lenders and the lenders party thereto from time
to time."








""**_Refinery_** _" _has the meaning given to such in the Interim
Intermediation Order."



""**_RSA_** " means the restructuring support agreement (including, without
limitation, all term sheets attached thereto and commitment letters entered
into in connection therewith) entered into among Party B, and the Consenting
Term Loan Lenders (as defined therein), dated on or before the Effective Date,
in form and substance satisfactory to Party A, acting reasonably.''"



| (f)| Part 5 (_Other Provisions_) of the Schedule to the Agreement is amended
by adding a new clause (u) as follows:  
---|---|---  
  


"(u)         **_Interpretation_**. Section 14 of the Agreement is amended by
adding the following language to the end of the Section:



"The terms defined in this Section 14 and elsewhere in this Master Agreement
will have the meanings therein specified for the purpose of this Master
Agreement. Any capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall
have the meanings given to them in the SOA, as amended and restated pursuant
to the Assurance Agreement."



| (g)| Part 5 (_Other Provisions_) of the Schedule to the Agreement is amended
by adding a new clause (v) as follows:  
---|---|---  
  


"(v)**         _Amendment to Events of Default._** Solely with respect to
Party B only, Section 5(a)(vii) of the Agreement shall be deleted in its
entirety and replaced with the following:



"(vii)      **_Bankruptcy_** _._ The following occurs with respect to the
party, any Credit Support Provider of such party or any applicable Specified
Entity of such party:-



(i)                  the Interim DIP Order, in form and substance reasonably
acceptable to Party A, is not entered by the Bankruptcy Court by the date
falling three (3) days after the Petition Date; _provided, that_ the form of
the proposed Interim DIP Order filed on the docket is deemed to be in form and
substance reasonably acceptable to Party A;



(ii)                 the Post-Petition Financing Agreement has not been funded
in the aggregate amount of at least US$39,390,204.38 (before taking into
account any holdbacks or funding date payments) by September 27, 2024 and
thereafter, in accordance with the Approved Budget (as defined in the Post-
Petition Financing Agreement);



(iii)                the Final Intermediation Order, in form and substance
reasonably acceptable to Party A, is not entered by the date falling 30 days
after the Petition Date;



(iv)                a final order that approves the Post-Petition Financing
Agreement and that is in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Party A
(the "**Final DIP Order** "), is not entered by the Bankruptcy Court, within
30 days following the Petition Date;



(v)                 failure to consummate or confirm, as applicable, an
Acceptable Plan or Sale by the date falling four (4) calendar months or, but
only if the Term has been extended under and as defined in the SOA, five (5)
or six (6) calendar months, after the Petition Date;



(vi)                the Debtors fail to satisfy any of their material
obligations (including credit support obligations) under the Agreement, the
Amendment Agreement, the Interim Intermediation Order or, following its entry,
the Final Intermediation Order;



(vii)               the Debtors move to reject the Agreement or the Agreement
is rejected under section 365(a) of the Bankruptcy Code;








(viii)              any Debtor declares itself to be, or is found by the
Bankruptcy Court to be, administratively insolvent, or any Debtor declares
that it does not intend to pay allowed administrative expense claims in full;



(ix)                any Debtor moves or supports a motion seeking to convert
any Debtor's bankruptcy case to a case under Chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code
or dismissing any Debtor's bankruptcy case;



(x)                 the Bankruptcy Court enters an order converting any
Debtor's bankruptcy case to a case under Chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code or
dismissing any Debtor's bankruptcy case;



(xi)                the Bankruptcy Court enters an order, or any Debtor files
or supports an application, motion, or request for an order directing the
appointment under section 1104 of the Bankruptcy Code of (1) a trustee or (2)
an examiner or any other person with enlarged powers relating to the operation
of the business of any Debtor (i.e., powers beyond those set forth in section
1106(a)(3) and (4) of the Bankruptcy Code);



(xii)               any debtor-in-possession financing facility under which
any Debtor is obligated to perform is accelerated by the lender or the
lender's agent or otherwise matures and remains unpaid;

      

(xiii)              any Debtor has a receiver, custodian, trustee or
liquidator appointed over all or a substantial portion of its assets or is
subject to such an appointment or to any similar proceeding under the laws of
any jurisdiction;



(xiv)              any Debtor files or supports a motion, proposes a plan or
other pleading, or any order is entered by the Bankruptcy Court that in any
material way affects, impairs, or limits (including the imposition of any stay
or injunction), Party A's rights or Party B's obligations under the Agreement,
the Interim Intermediation Order or the Final Intermediation Order or the
validity, priority or enforceability of any security interests or claims
granted to Party A pursuant to the Interim Intermediation Order, the Interim
DIP Order, the Final Intermediation Order or the Final DIP Order;



(xv)               the Interim Intermediation Order or, following its entry,
the Final Intermediation Order, shall cease to be in full force and effect, in
each case as determined by Party A in its commercially reasonable discretion;



(xvi)              the Interim Intermediation Order, or, following its entry,
the Final Intermediation Order: (A) shall have been directly affected,
impaired, limited reversed, stayed, vacated or subjected to a stay pending
appeal or otherwise modified in any way materially adverse to the protections
afforded to Party A under the Interim Intermediation Order or, when entered
into, the Final Intermediation Order, in either case, without the prior
written consent of Party A; or (B) are modified or amended in any way that
affects any termination rights available to Party A under the ISDA, as amended
in the manner described in the Interim Intermediation Order, , or that is
otherwise materially adverse to the protections afforded to Party A (in its
capacity as hedge provider) under the Interim Intermediation Order and/or the
Final Intermediation Order, without the prior written consent of Party A;



(xvii)             an order is entered by the Bankruptcy Court requiring the
avoidance of any payment received by Party A under the Agreement or any Debtor
moves for the avoidance of any payment received by Party A under the
Agreement, whether such payment is received prior to, on or after the Petition
Date;








(xviii)            the Agreement is assigned by Party B to any third party
without the prior written consent of Party A;



(xix)              any motion or other pleading is filed by a Debtor proposing
a transaction (other than the transactions expressly contemplated by the
Acceptable Plan (as defined in the Interim DIP Order)) for the sale of the
Refinery (through a sale of assets, sale of substantially all assets, merger,
reorganization or otherwise) that is not also an Acceptable Plan or Sale;



(xx)               the Bankruptcy Court enters an order or orders granting
relief from the automatic stay under section 362 of the Bankruptcy Code with
regard to any assets of the Debtors and such relief would have or could
reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect;



(xxi)              noncompliance by any Debtor with any of the material terms
of the Interim Intermediation Order or the Final Intermediation Order; or".



| **4.**| **Representations**  
---|---|---  
  


Each party represents to the other party that all representations contained in
the Agreement are true and accurate as of the date of this Amendment Agreement
(except, with respect to representations given by Party B, to the extent that
such representations would not be true and accurate as a result of, or in
connection with, the commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases) and that all such
representations are deemed to be given or repeated by each party, as the case
may be, on the date of this Amendment Agreement and the Effective Date, except
that Party B shall not be required to repeat any representations that it is
not able to give as a result of, or in connection with, the commencement of
the Chapter 11 Cases.



| **5.**| **Miscellaneous**  
---|---|---  
  


| (a)| **_Definitions._** As used in the Agreement (including any Confirmation
relating thereto), as amended by this Amendment Agreement, the terms 'ISDA
2002 Master Agreement'', 'this Master Agreement'', 'Agreement'', 'this
Agreement'', 'herein'', 'hereinafter'', 'hereof'', 'hereto'' and other words
of similar import shall mean the Agreement as amended hereby, unless the
context otherwise specifically requires.  
---|---|---  
  


| (b)| **_Entire Agreement._** This Amendment Agreement and the Agreement
shall constitute the entire agreement and understanding of the parties with
respect to its subject matter and supersedes all oral communication and prior
writings (except as otherwise provided herein) with respect thereto. Except as
specifically amended hereby, all other provisions of the Agreement, as amended
and supplemented, shall continue in full force and effect.  
---|---|---  
  


| (c)| **_Amendments._** No amendment, modification or waiver in respect of
the matters contemplated by this Amendment Agreement will be effective unless
made in accordance with the terms of the Agreement.  
---|---|---  
  


| (d)| **_Counterparts._** This Amendment Agreement may be executed and
delivered in counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original.  
---|---|---  
  


| (e)| **_Headings._** The headings used in this Amendment Agreement are for
convenience of reference only and are not to affect the construction of or to
be taken into consideration in interpreting this Amendment Agreement.  
---|---|---  
  


| (f)| **_Governing Law and Jurisdiction._**  
---|---|---  
  


| (i)| THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED UNDER THE
LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO ITS CONFLICT OF LAWS
PRINCIPLES THAT WOULD REQUIRE THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER STATE.  
---|---|---  
  







| (ii)| EACH OF THE PARTIES HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE
JURISDICTION OF THE BANKRUPTCY COURT, (WITHOUT RECOURSE TO ARBITRATION UNLESS
BOTH PARTIES AGREE IN WRITING), AND TO SERVICE OF PROCESS BY CERTIFIED MAIL,
DELIVERED TO THE PARTY AT THE ADDRESS INDICATED IN ARTICLE 28 OF THE SUPPLY
AND OFFTAKE AGREEMENT. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST
EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION TO PERSONAL JURISDICTION,
WHETHER ON GROUNDS OF VENUE, RESIDENCE OR DOMICILE.  
---|---|---  
  


| (iii)| EACH PARTY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW,
ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY PROCEEDINGS
RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT.  
---|---|---  
  







IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have executed this Amendment Agreement with
effect from the date of this Amendment Agreement.



**MACQUARIE BANK LIMITED**

** **

By: | /s/ Miria Torres |   | By: | /s/ Teah Seymour-Sloan |    
---|---|---|---|---|---  
  |   |   |   |    
Name: | Miria Torres |   | Name: | Teah Seymour-Sloan |    
  |   |   |   |    
Title: | Executive Director |   | Title: | Associate Director |    
  


**VERTEX REFINING ALABAMA LLC**



By: | /s/ Benjamin P. Cowart |    
---|---|---  
  |    
Name: | Benjamin P. Cowart |    
  |    
Title: | President and Chief Executive Officer |    
  






