EX-10.1 2 a09-29594_1ex10d1.htm EX-10.1

**Exhibit  10.1**







FIRST AMENDMENT



DATED AS OF SEPTEMBER 28, 2009



TO THE



ISDA MASTER AGREEMENT



DATED AS OF SEPTEMBER 22, 2009



AMONG



SEMPRA ENERGY TRADING LLC,



MXENERGY INC.



AND



THE SPECIFIED ENTITIES PARTY THERETO







* * *





FIRST AMENDMENT dated as of September 28, 2009 (this "_First Amendment_ ") to
the ISDA MASTER AGREEMENT, dated as of September 22, 2009 (as amended,
supplemented or otherwise modified as of the date hereof, the "_Gas Master
ISDA Agreement_ "), among SEMPRA ENERGY TRADING LLC ("_Party A_ "), MXENERGY
INC. ("_Party B_ ") and the Specified Entities party thereto.



W I T N E S S E T H :



WHEREAS, Party A and Party B, among others, are parties to that certain ISDA
Master Agreement dated as of September 22, 2009 and to the Schedule dated as
of September 22, 2009 to the Gas Master ISDA Agreement (the "_Gas Master ISDA
Schedule_ "); and



WHEREAS, Party A and Party B wish to amend the Gas Master ISDA Schedule on the
terms and conditions provided for herein.



NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and conditions set
forth herein, the sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties
hereto agree as follows:



# ARTICLE I
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

#

## SECTION 1.1 _Definitions and Interpretation_.

##

### (a) All capitalized terms used herein which are not otherwise specifically
defined herein shall have the respective meaning as ascribed thereto in the
Gas Master ISDA Agreement.

###

### (b) Unless otherwise expressly indicated, all references contained herein
to Sections or other subdivisions, Schedules, Annexes or Exhibits refer to the
corresponding Sections and other subdivisions, Schedules, Annexes or Exhibits
of the Gas Master ISDA Agreement.

###

### (c) The sections and the headings in the sections in this First Amendment
are for convenience only. Said sections and headings shall not be deemed to be
part of this First Amendment and in no way define, limit, extend or describe
the scope or intent of its provisions.

#

# ARTICLE II
AMENDMENTS

#

## SECTION 2.1 _Amendment to Part  12(a)(vi)(A)_. _Part  12(a)(vi)(A)_ of the
Gas Master ISDA Schedule is hereby amended by deleting the semicolon and
inserting in lieu thereof the following:

##

"provided that for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2009, Party B will furnish
the financial statements referred to in the foregoing clauses (A)(1) and
(A)(2) to Party A on or before October 13, 2009;"



* * *





## SECTION 2.2 _Amendments to Part  14(a)_.

##

### (a) The definition of "Adjusted Consolidated Tangible Net Worth" set forth
in _Part  14(a)_ of the Gas Master ISDA Schedule is hereby amended by
renumbering the existing clause (vi) thereof as clause (vii) and inserting the
following new clause (vi) immediately following the word "application" in
clause (v):

###

", (vi) non-cash charges associated with any deferred tax valuation
allowances"



### (b) The definition of "Permitted Indebtedness" set forth in _Part  14(a)_
of the Gas Master ISDA Schedule is hereby amended by deleting the word "and"
appearing at the end of clause (xii) thereof, replacing the period at the end
of clause (xiii) thereof with a semicolon and inserting the word "and"
immediately thereafter, and inserting the following new clause (xiv) therein:

###

"(xiv) Indebtedness consisting of Subordinated Intercompany Promissory Notes."



### (c) The following new defined term is added to _Part  14(a)_, in proper
alphabetical sequence:

###

""Subordinated Intercompany Promissory Notes" means, collectively, (i) that
certain $6,413,000 Subordinated Promissory Note, dated as of September 22,
2009, by Party B in favor of MX Holdings, (ii) that certain $54,200,800
Subordinated Promissory Note, dated as of September 22, 2009, by Party B in
favor of MX Holdings, and (iii) that certain $13,550,200 Subordinated
Promissory Note, dated as of September 22, 2009, by MX Electric in favor of MX
Holdings."



# ARTICLE III
MISCELLANEOUS

#

## SECTION 3.1 _Gas Master ISDA Agreement_. Except as amended by this First
Amendment, the Gas Master ISDA Agreement shall remain in full force and effect
in accordance with its terms. This First Amendment shall be deemed to be part
of the Gas Master ISDA Agreement.

##

## SECTION 3.2 _References to Gas Master ISDA Schedule_. Whenever in any
certificate, letter, notice or other instrument reference is made to the Gas
Master ISDA Schedule, such reference without**** more shall include reference
to this First Amendment.

##

## SECTION 3.3 _Legal, Valid and Binding Obligation_. Each party hereto hereby
represents and warrants that this First Amendment is a legal, valid and
binding obligation of such party and is enforceable against such party in
accordance with its terms.



* * *





## SECTION 3.4 _Confirmation and Reaffirmation of ISDA Documents_. Party B and
each Specified Entity of Party B does hereby (a) consent and acknowledge and
agree to the transactions described in this First Amendment and (b) after
giving effect to this First Amendment, (i) ratify and confirm each ISDA
Document to which it is a party and (ii) confirm and agree that each such ISDA
Document is, and shall continue to be, in full force and effect; provided that
each reference to the Gas Master ISDA Schedule therein and in each of the
other ISDA Documents shall be deemed to be a reference to the Gas Master ISDA
Schedule after giving effect to this First Amendment.

##

## SECTION 3.5 _Condition to Effectiveness_. This First Amendment shall become
effective as of the date set forth above upon receipt by each of the parties
hereto of counterparts of this First Amendment executed by each other party
hereto.

##

## SECTION 3.6 ._No Other Amendments/Waivers_. Except as expressly amended
herein, the Gas Master ISDA Schedule and the other ISDA Documents shall be
unmodified and shall continue to be in full force and effect in accordance
with their terms. In addition, except as expressly set forth herein, this
First Amendment shall not be deemed a waiver of any term or condition of any
ISDA Document and shall not be deemed to prejudice any right or rights which
Party B may now have or may have in the future under or in connection with any
ISDA Document or any of the instruments or agreements referred to therein, as
the same may be amended from time to time.

##

## SECTION 3.7 _Counterparts_. This First Amendment may be executed in any
number of counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be
deemed an original, but all such counterparts together shall constitute but
one and the same instrument. Any executed counterpart delivered by facsimile
or electronic transmission shall be effective as an original for all purposes
hereof.

##

## SECTION 3.8 _GOVERNING LAW_. THIS FIRST AMENDMENT, AND THE RIGHTS AND
OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HERETO, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REFERENCE TO CHOICE
OF LAW DOCTRINE, OTHER THAN SECTION 5-1401 AND SECTION 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL
OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. THE UNITED NATIONS CONVENTION ON
CONTRACTS FOR THE INTERNATIONAL SALE OF GOODS SHALL NOT IN ANY WAY APPLY TO,
OR GOVERN, THIS FIRST AMENDMENT.



[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]



* * *





IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this First Amendment to be
executed and delivered by their duly authorized officers as of the date first
written above.



  |    |  SEMPRA ENERGY TRADING LLC
---|---|---
  |    |
  |    |
  |    |  By: |  /s/ Hugh Gleason
  |    |    |  Name: HUGH J. GLEASON
  |    |    |  Title: VP MARKETING
  |    |
  |    |
  |    |  MXENERGY INC.
  |    |
  |    |
  |    |  By: |  /s/ Chaitu Parikh
  |    |    |  Name: CHAITU PARIKH
  |    |    |  Title: VP FINANCE, CFO & ASST. TREASURER
  |    |    |
Acknowledged and Agreed: |
  |
MXENERGY HOLDINGS INC. |
  |
  |    |
By: |  /s/ Chaitu Parikh |
  |  Name: CHAITU PARIKH |
  |  Title: VP & CFO |
  |    |
MXENERGY ELECTRIC INC. |
  |    |
  |    |
By: |  /s/ Chaitu Parikh |
  |  Name: CHAITU PARIKH |
  |  Title: CFO |
  |    |
  |    |
MXENERGY (CANADA) LTD. |
  |
  |    |
By: |  /s/ Chaitu Parikh |
  |  Name: CHAITU PARIKH |
  |  Title: VP & TREASURER |



* * *





ONLINECHOICE, INC. |
---|---
  |    |
  |    |
By: |  /s/ Chaitu Parikh |
  |  Name: CHAITU PARIKH |
  |  Title: CFO |
  |    |
  |    |
MXENERGY GAS CAPITAL HOLDINGS CORP. |
  |    |
  |    |
By: |  /s/ Chaitu Parikh |
  |  Name: CHAITU PARIKH |
  |  Title: CFO |
  |    |
  |    |
MXENERGY ELECTRIC CAPITAL HOLDINGS CORP. |
  |    |
  |    |
By: |  /s/ Chaitu Parikh |
  |  Name: CHAITU PARIKH |
  |  Title: CFO |
  |    |
  |    |
MXENERGY GAS CAPITAL CORP. |
  |    |
  |    |
By: |  /s/ Chaitu Parikh |
  |  Name: CHAITU PARIKH |
  |  Title: CFO |
  |    |
  |    |
MXENERGY ELECTRIC CAPITAL CORP. |
  |    |
  |    |
By: |  /s/ Chaitu Parikh |
  |  Name: CHAITU PARIKH |
  |  Title: CFO |



* * *





MXENERGY CAPITAL HOLDINGS CORP. |
---|---
  |    |
  |    |
By: |  /s/ Chaitu Parikh |
  |  Name: CHAITU PARIKH |
  |  Title: CFO |
  |    |
  |    |
INFOMETER.COM INC. |
  |    |
  |    |
By: |  /s/ Chaitu Parikh |
  |  Name: CHAITU PARIKH |
  |  Title: CFO |



* * *
