**SCHEDULE**

to the

**ISDA MASTER AGREEMENT**

This is the Schedule to that certain ISDA Master Agreement dated as of **March
6, 2008 **between **Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.**("Party A") and **Barnes Group
Inc.** , a Delaware corporation ("Party B").

**PART 1**

**_Termination Provisions_**

In this Agreement:

(A) "_Specified Entity_ " means in relation to Party A for the purpose of:



|  |  |  |
---|---|---|---|---
|   | Section 5(a)(v) (Default under Specified Transaction) |    | None.;
|  |
|   | Section 5(a)(vi) (Cross Default), |    | None.;
|  |
|   | Section 5(a)(vii) (Bankruptcy), |    | None.; and
|  |
|   | Section 5(b)(iv) (Credit Event Upon Merger), |    | None.
|
|   | "_Specified Entity_ " means in relation to Party B for the purpose of:
|  |
|   | Section 5(a)(v) (Default under Specified Transaction) |    | Subsidiaries, as defined in the Credit Agreement
|  |
|   | Section 5(a)(vi) (Cross Default), |    | Subsidiaries, as defined in the Credit Agreement
|  |
|   | Section 5(a)(vii) (Bankruptcy), |    | Significant Subsidiaries, as defined in the Credit Agreement; and
|  |
|   | Section 5(b)(iv) (Credit Event Upon Merger), |    | Subsidiaries, as defined in the Credit Agreement

(B) "_Specified Transaction_ " will have the meaning specified in Section 14
of this Agreement.

(C) The "_Cross-Default_ " provisions of Section 5(a)(vi) of this Agreement
will apply to Party A and to Party B, _provided, however_ , that the following
provision shall be inserted at the end of Section 5(a)(vi):

"_provided, however_ , that an Event of Default shall not occur under either
(1) or (2) above if the default, Event of Default or other similar event or
condition referenced to in (1) or the failure to pay referred to in (2) is a
failure to pay caused by an error or omission of an administrative or
operational nature and funds were available to such party to enable it to make
the relevant payment when due and such payment is in fact made on or before
the second Local Business Day following receipt of written notice from the
other party of such failure to pay."

* * *

"Specified Indebtedness" will have the meaning specified in Section 14;
_provided, however,_ with respect to Party A such term shall not include
deposits and obligations in respect of deposits received in the ordinary
course of Party A's banking business.

"Threshold Amount" means with respect to Party A, an amount equal to 3% of the
Shareholders Equity (as hereinafter defined) of Party A and with respect to
Party B, (i) $0 in respect of any Specified Indebtedness owing to Party A, and
(ii) $20,000,000 in respect of any other Specified Indebtedness.

For purposes of the foregoing, the term "Shareholders Equity" shall mean an
amount equal to the greater of (x) zero and (y) an amount equal to such
party's total assets _minus_ its total liabilities, as reflected on such
party's most recent audited financial statements, or if such party does not
have audited financial statements, then its most recent financial statements.

(D) The "_Credit Event Upon Merger_ " provisions of Section 5(b)(iv) of this
Agreement will apply to Party A and to Party B.

(E) The "_Automatic Early Termination_ " provision of Section 6(a) of this
Agreement will not apply to Party A or to Party B.

(F) _Payments on Early Termination_. For the purpose of Section 6(e) of this
Agreement: (i) Market Quotation will apply, and (ii) Second Method will apply.

(G) "_Termination Currency_ " means United States Dollars.

(H) _Additional Termination Event_ will apply. Each of the following shall
constitute an Additional Termination Event:

(a) The Fourth Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement made as of
September 19, 2007 by and among Barnes Group Inc. and Barnes Group Switzerland
GmbH, as Borrowers, Bank of America, N.A. and the other lending institutions
from time to time party thereto, as Lenders, Banc of America Securities LLC,
as Arranger, KeyBank National Association and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as
Co-Syndication Agents, and The Bank of New York and The Governor and Company
of The Bank of Ireland, as Co-Documentation Agents, as amended, modified,
supplemented, renewed, extended or replaced from time to time (the **" Credit
Agreement"**), or any promissory note, loan agreement, credit agreement,
reimbursement agreement or other document or instrument evidencing a credit
extension from Party A to Party B, is terminated, cancelled, voided, breached
or amended in any manner which would affect Party B's ability to perform its
obligations under this Agreement, determined by Party A in its sole
discretion. Upon the occurrence of such event, Party B shall be deemed to be
the sole Affected Party and all Transactions shall be deemed to be Affected
Transactions;

(b) If there shall exist a "Change of Control" as defined in the Credit
Agreement. Upon the occurrence of such event, Party B shall be deemed to be
the sole Affected Party and all Transactions shall be deemed to be Affected
Transactions; or

(c) During the term of this Agreement, Party B shall at any time (A) grant or
cause to be granted to any person a lien upon or security interest in any
property as security, or provide a letter of credit or other credit support,
for the obligations of Party B under the Credit Agreement and (B) fail at the
same time to provide Party A collateral, letter of credit or other credit
support in amount, form, and substance satisfactory to Party A (in its sole
discretion) to secure the obligations of Party B hereunder. Upon the
occurrence of such event, Party B shall be deemed to be the sole Affected
Party and all Transactions shall be deemed to be Affected Transactions.

* * *

**PART 2**

**_Tax Representations_**

(A) _Payer Representations_. For the purpose of Section 3(e) of this
Agreement, each party makes the following representation:

It is not required by any applicable law, as modified by the practice of any
relevant governmental revenue authority, of any Relevant Jurisdiction to make
any deduction or withholding for or on account of any Tax from any payment
(other than interest under Section 2(e), 6(d)(ii) or 6(e) of this Agreement)
to be made by it to the other party under this Agreement. In making this
representation, it may rely on (i) the accuracy of any representations made by
the other party pursuant to Section 3(f) of this Agreement, (ii) the
satisfaction of the agreement contained in Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of
this Agreement and the accuracy and effectiveness of any document provided by
the other party pursuant to Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of this Agreement and
(iii) the satisfaction of the agreement of the other party contained in
Section 4(d) of this Agreement, _provided_ that it shall not be a breach of
this representation where reliance is placed on clause (ii) and the other
party does not deliver a form or document under Section 4(a)(iii) by reason of
material prejudice to its legal or commercial position.

(B) _Payee Representations** __**._

(i) For the purpose of Section 3(f) of this Agreement, Party A represents that
it is a national banking association organized under the laws of the United
States.

(ii) For the purpose of Section 3(f) of this Agreement, Party B represents
that it is a corporation established under the laws of the State of Delaware.

**PART 3**

**_Agreement to Deliver Documents_**

For the purposes of Section 4(a)(i) and (ii) of this Agreement, the parties
agrees that the following documents will be delivered:



|  |  |  |  |  |
---|---|---|---|---|---|---
**Party  Required
to Deliver
Document** |    |  **Form/Document/Certificate** |    |  **Date  by which** **to  be delivered** |    |  **Covered by
Section 3(d)
Representation**
Party A and Party B |    | Satisfactory evidence of its capacity and ability to enter into this Agreement and any Transaction hereunder |    | Upon execution of this Agreement and upon request |    | Yes
|  |  |
Party A and Party B |    | Certified evidence of the authority, incumbency and specimen signature of each person executing any document on its behalf in connection with this Agreement |    | Upon execution of this Agreement and upon request |    | Yes
|  |  |
Party A and Party B |    | The Credit Support Document(s), if any, listed in Part 4(f) of this Schedule |    | Upon execution of this Agreement |    | Yes

* * *

|  |  |  |  |  |
---|---|---|---|---|---|---
**Party  Required
to Deliver
Document** |    |  **Form/Document/Certificate** |    |  **Date  by which** **to  be delivered** |    |  **Covered by
Section 3(d)
Representation**
Party A and Party B |    | Duly executed and completed U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 (or successor thereto). |    | Upon execution of this Agreement, promptly upon reasonable demand by Party A and promptly upon learning that any such form previously provided by Party B has become obsolete or incorrect |    | Yes
|  |  |
Party A and Party B |    | Such other documents as Party A or Party B may reasonably request |    | Upon request |    | Yes

**PART 4**

**_Miscellaneous_**

(A) _Addresses for Notices_. For the purpose of Section 12(a) of this
Agreement:

Address for notices or communications to Party B:



|  |
---|---|---
Address: |    | Barnes Group Inc.
|    | 123 Main Street
|    | P.O. Box 489
|    | Bristol, Connecticut 06011 -0489
|    | Facsimile: (860) 582-4008
|    | Attention: Treasurer
            With a copy to:
|
|    | Barnes Group Inc.
|    | 123 Main Street
|    | P.O. Box 489
|    | Bristol, Connecticut 06011 -0489
|    | Attention: General Counsel

Address for all notices or communications to Party A:



|  |
---|---|---
Address: |    | Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.
|    | 550 California Street, Suite 1210
|    | MAC A0112-121
|    | San Francisco, California 94104
|    | Telephone: (877) 240-0795
|    | Facsimile: (415) 986-2604
|    | Attention: Derivatives Documentation Manager

Additional Address for notices or communications for operational purposes
(payments and settlements):



|  |
---|---|---
Address: |    | Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.
|    | 550 California Street, Suite 1210
|    | MAC A0112-121
|    | San Francisco, California 94104
|    | Facsimile No.: (415) 646-9208
|    | Attention: Back Office Operations - Settlements

(B) _Process Agent_. For the purpose of Section 13(c) of this Agreement,
neither Party A nor Party B will appoint a Process Agent.

* * *

(C) _Offices_. The provisions of Section 10(a) will apply to this Agreement.

(D) _Multibranch Party_. For the purpose of Section 10(c) of this Agreement:

Party A is not a Multibranch Party.

Party B is not a Multibranch Party.

(E) _Calculation Agent_. The Calculation Agent is Party A, unless Party A is a
Defaulting Party hereunder, in which case the Calculation Agent shall be a
mutually agreed upon dealer in the relevant market.

(F) _Credit Support Document_.

Credit Support Document means, in relation to Party A: None.

Credit Support Document means, in relation to Party B: None.

(G) _Credit Support Provider_.

Credit Support Provider means in relation to Party A: None.

Credit Support Provider means in relation to Party B: None.

(H) _Governing Law and Jurisdiction_. This Agreement will be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without
reference to choice of law doctrine.

(I) _Netting of Payments_. Subparagraph (ii) of Section 2(c) of this Agreement
will apply to each Transaction.

(J) "_Affiliate_ " will have the meaning specified in Section 14 of this
Agreement.

**PART 5**

**_Other Provisions_**

(A) _Confirmations_. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Agreement:

(i) The parties hereto agree that with respect to each Transaction hereunder a
legally binding agreement shall exist from the moment that the parties hereto
agree on the essential terms of such Transaction, which the parties anticipate
will occur by telephone.

(ii) For each Transaction Party A and Party B agree to enter into hereunder,
Party A shall promptly send to Party B a Confirmation setting forth the terms
of such Transaction. Party B shall execute and return the Confirmation to
Party A or request correction of any error within three Business Days of
receipt. Failure of Party B to respond within such period shall not affect the
validity or enforceability of such Transaction and shall be deemed to be an
affirmation of such terms.

(B) _Definitions_. For each Transaction (unless otherwise specified in a
Confirmation) all provisions of the 2000 ISDA Definitions (as published by the
International Swaps & Derivatives Association, Inc.), including the Annex to
the 2000 ISDA Definitions and any supplements thereto, are hereby incorporated
by this reference into this Agreement and shall form a part hereof as if set
forth in full herein.

(C) _Additional Representations_. Section 3 of this Agreement is hereby
amended by adding at the end thereof the following subsections (g) through
(l):

"(g) **_Eligible Contract Participant_**. It is an "eligible contract
participant" as that term is defined in Section 1a(12) of the Commodity
Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1a(12)), as amended."

* * *

"(h) __**_No Agency_** __. It is entering into this Agreement, any Credit
Support Document to which it is a party, each Transaction and any other
documentation relating to this Agreement or any Transaction as principal (and
not as agent or in any other capacity, fiduciary or otherwise). "

"(i) __**_Creditworthiness_** __.**** The economic terms of this Agreement,
and any Credit Support Documents to which it is a party, and each Transaction
have been individually tailored and negotiated by it, and the creditworthiness
of the other party was a material consideration in its entering into or
determining the terms of this Agreement, such Credit Support document, and
such Transaction."

"(j) **_Individual Negotiation._** This Agreement (including each Transaction)
has been subject to individual negotiation by the parties, including
individualized creditworthiness determinations."

"(k) **_Assessment and Understanding_**. It is capable of assessing the merits
of and understanding (on its own behalf or through independent professional
advice), and understands and accepts the terms, conditions and risks of this
Agreement and each Transaction hereunder. It is also capable of assuming, and
assumes, the risks of this Agreement and each Transaction hereunder."

"(l) **_Non-Reliance._** It is acting for its own account, and it has made its
own independent decisions to enter into that Transaction and as to whether
that Transaction is appropriate or proper for it based upon its own judgment
and upon advice from such advisers as it has deemed necessary. It is not
relying on any communication (written or oral) of the other party as
investment advice or as a recommendation to enter into that Transaction: it
being understood that information and explanations related to the terms and
conditions of a Transaction shall not be considered investment advice or a
recommendation to enter into a Transaction. No communication (written or oral)
received from the other party shall be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee
of the expected results of that Transaction."

(D) _Right of Setoff_. Section 6 of this Agreement is amended by adding the
following new Section 6(f):



  | "(f) | **_Set-off._** Any amount (the "Early Termination Amount") payable to one party (the Payee) by the other party (the Payer) under Section 6(e), in circumstances where there is a Defaulting Party or one Affected Party, will, at the option of the party ("X") other than the Defaulting Party or the Affected Party (and without prior notice to the Defaulting Party or the Affected Party), be reduced by its set-off against any amount(s) (the "Other Agreement Amount") payable (whether at such time or in the future or upon the occurrence of a contingency) by the Payee to the Payer (irrespective of the currency, place of payment or booking office of the obligation) under any other agreement(s) issued or executed by one party to or in favour of, the other party (and the Other Agreement Amount will be discharged promptly and in all respects to the extent it is so set-off). X will give notice to the other party of any set-off effected under this Section 6(f).
---|---|---

For this purpose, either the Early Termination Amount or the Other Agreement
Amount (or the relevant portion of such amounts) may be converted by X into
the currency in which the other is denominated at the rate of exchange at
which such party would be able, acting in a reasonable manner and in good
faith, to purchase the relevant amount of such currency.

If an obligation is unascertained, X may in good faith estimate that
obligation and set-off in respect of the estimate, subject to the relevant
party accounting to the other when the obligation is ascertained.

Nothing in this Section 6(f) shall be effective to create a charge or other
security interest. This Section shall be without prejudice and in addition to
any right of set-off, combination of accounts, lien or other right to which
any party is at any time otherwise entitled (whether by operation of law,
contract or otherwise)."

* * *

****(E)_Inconsistency Among Definitions or Provisions_. In the event of any
inconsistency between the definitions or provisions in any of the following
documents, the relevant document first listed below shall govern: (i) a
Confirmation; (ii) the Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement; (iii) the ISDA
Master Agreement; and (iv) the 2000 ISDA Definitions. ****

(F) _Severability_. Any provision of this Agreement which is prohibited or
unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be
ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without
invalidating the remaining provisions of the Agreement or affecting the
validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. The
parties hereto shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the
prohibited or unenforceable provision with a valid provision, the economic
effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the prohibited or
unenforceable provision.

(G) _WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL_. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL
RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY TRIAL OR LITIGATION ARISING OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSACTION OR THIS AGREEMENT.

(H) _Consent to Recording_. Each party (i) consents to the recording of the
telephone conversations of trading and marketing personnel of the parties in
connection with this Agreement or any potential Transaction, and (ii) agrees
to obtain any necessary consents of and give notice of such recording to its
personnel, and (iii) consents to the submission of any such tape recording in
evidence in any Proceedings.

(I) _Events of Default_. Section 5 of this Agreement is hereby amended as
follows:

(i) _Credit Support Default_. Section 5(a)(iii) of this Agreement is hereby
amended by the addition of "or if there is no applicable grace period, three
Local Business Day after notice of such failure is given to the party or
Credit Support Provider (as the case may be)" after "elapsed" in the fourth
line thereof.

**PART 6**

**_FX Transaction and Currency Options_**

(A) _Incorporation and Amendment of 1998 FX and Currency Option Definitions._

(i) Incorporation of 1998 FX and Currency Option Definitions. The 1998 FX and
Currency Option Definitions, as amended from time to time (the "1998
Definitions"), published by the International Swaps and Derivatives
Association, Inc., the Emerging Markets Trader Association and The Foreign
Exchange committee, are hereby incorporated by reference with respect to any
"Currency Option Transactions" and "FX Transactions" as defined by the 1998
Definitions, except as otherwise specifically provided herein or in the
Confirmation.

(ii) Amendment of 1998 FX and Currency Option Definitions. The following
amendments are made to the 1998 Definitions:

Section 2.1 of the 1998 Definitions is amended by adding the following as
Section 2.1(b):

**Currency Obligation.**  "Currency Obligation" means the undertaking of a
party hereunder to receive or deliver an amount of currency, including a
netted Currency Obligation, and including any Currency Obligation previously
entered into by the parties.

(B) **_Confirmations._**  Any confirmation (whether provided by mail,
facsimile or other electronic means) in respect of any FX Transaction or
Currency Option Transaction into which the parties may enter, or may have
entered into prior to the date hereof, that fails by its terms to expressly
exclude the application of this Agreement shall (to the extent not otherwise
provided for in this Agreement) (i) constitute a "Confirmation" as referred to
in this Agreement, even when not so specified in such confirmation; and (ii)
supplement, form a part of, and be subject to this Agreement, and all
provisions in this Agreement will govern such Confirmation except as expressly
modified therein.

* * *

(C) **_Netting and Related Provisions_**. Section 2(c) shall not apply to FX
Transaction or Currency Option Transactions. In lieu thereof, the following
shall apply:

(i) Netting, Discharge and Termination of FX Transactions. The following
provisions shall apply to FX Transactions:

Unless otherwise agreed by the parties, whenever an FX Transaction is entered
into between the parties which creates a Currency Obligation in the same
currency and for the same Settlement Date as an existing Currency Obligation
between the parties, such Currency Obligation shall automatically and without
further action be netted, individually canceled and simultaneously replaced
through novation by a new Currency Obligation under which the party having the
obligation to deliver the greater aggregate amount of currency shall be
obligated to deliver the excess of such greater aggregate currency amount over
such lesser aggregate currency amount. Such new Currency Obligation shall be
considered a "Currency Obligation" under this Agreement.

(ii) Netting, Discharge and Termination with Respect to Currency Option
Transactions. The following provisions shall apply to Currency Option
Transactions:

Unless otherwise agreed by the parties, any Call or Put written by a party
will automatically be terminated and discharged, in whole or in part, as
applicable, against a Call or a Put, respectively, having the same identical
terms, written by the other party; and, upon the occurrence of such
termination or discharge, neither party shall have any further obligation to
the other party in respect of the parts so terminated and discharged (except
for the obligation of either party to pay any Premium due, but not paid,
thereunder); and the remaining portion of any Currency Option Transaction,
which is partially discharged and terminated, shall continue to be a Currency
Option Transaction under this Agreement.

(D) **_Inconsistencies_**. In the event of any conflict between:

(i) the terms of a Deliverable FX Transaction Confirmation and this Agreement,
the terms of this Agreement shall supersede;

(ii) the terms of a Deliverable FX Transaction Confirmation, where the
Confirmation explicitly states that it shall so prevail and has been signed by
both parties, its terms shall supersede the terms of this Agreement;

(iii) the terms of a Currency Option Transaction or a Non-Deliverable FX
Transaction Confirmation and this Agreement, the terms of the Confirmation
shall supersede.

(E) **_Definitions_**. Section 14 of this Agreement is hereby amended as
follows:

The definition of "Terminated Transactions" shall be deemed to include
Currency Obligations.

(F) **_Premium Payment_**. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 5 of this
Agreement or any other provisions of this Agreement, if in connection with a
Currency Option Transaction a Premium is not received on the Premium Payment
Date, the Seller may elect: (i) to accept a later payment of such Premium or
(ii) to give written notice of such non-payment and, if such payment shall not
be received within three Local Business Days of such notice, treat the related
Currency Option Transaction as void. If the Seller elects to act under clause
(i) of the preceding sentence, the Buyer shall pay interest on such Premium in
the same currency as such Premium from the day such Premium was due until the
day paid at the Default Rate, as determined in good faith by the Seller; and
if the Seller elects to act under clause (ii) of the preceding sentence, the
Buyer shall pay all of Seller's losses, costs and expenses, including, but not
limited to, legal fees and out-of-pocket expenses of the Seller, incurred in
connection with such unpaid or late Premium or void Currency Option
Transaction, including, but not limited to, interest on such Premium in the
same currency as such Premium at the then prevailing market rate and any other
costs or expenses incurred by the Seller in covering its obligations
(including, but not limited to, a delta hedge) with respect to such Currency
Option Transaction.

* * *

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have executed this document on the respective
dates specified below with effect from the date specified on the first page of
this document.



|  |  |  |  |  |  |  |
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---
Party A |   |  |   | Party B
|  |
**Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.** |   |  |   | **Barnes Group Inc.,**
|   |  |   |  |   | a Delaware corporation
|  |  |  |
By: |   |  /s/ Karen K. Ahrens |   |  |   | By: |   |  /s/ David J. Sinder
Name: |   | Karen K. Ahrens |   |  |   | Name: |   | David J. Sinder
Title: |   | Vice President |   |  |   | Title: |   | Assistant Treasurer
Date: |   | 5/19/08 |   |  |   | Date: |   | 5/16/08
|  |  |  |
|   |  |   |  |   | By: |   |  /s/ Lawrence W. O'Brien
|   |  |   |  |   | Name: |   | Lawrence W. O'Brien
|   |  |   |  |   | Title: |   | VP Treasurer
|   |  |   |  |   | Date: |   | 5/16/08
