SCHEDULE

to the

Master Agreement

  

dated as of November 15, 2012

  

between

  

THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA

("Party A")  

  

And

  

Halifax Funding LLC

("Party B")

  

Part 1. Termination Provisions.

  

(a) |  "Specified Entity" means in relation to Party A: none  
---|---  
  
  

and in relation to Party B for the purpose of Section 5(a)(v), (vi), and
(vii): KKR Asset Management LLC (the "KKR").

  

(b) |  "Specified Transaction" means (a) any transaction (including an agreement with respect thereto) now existing or hereafter entered into (i) between one party to this Agreement (or any Credit Support Provider of such party or any applicable Specified Entity of such party) and the other party to this Agreement (or any Credit Support Provider of such other party or any applicable Specified Entity of such other party), or (ii) to which Party B (or any Credit Support Provider of Party B or any applicable Specified Entity of Party B) is a party, which is a Market Transaction or is identified as a Specified Transaction in the relevant confirmation.  
---|---  
  
|  "Market Transaction" means (a) any transaction (including an agreement with
respect to any such transaction) which is (i) a rate swap transaction, swap
option, basis swap, forward rate transaction, commodity swap, commodity
option, equity or equity index swap, equity or equity index option, bond
option, interest rate option, foreign exchange transaction, cap transaction,
floor transaction, collar transaction, currency swap transaction, cross-
currency rate swap transaction, currency option, credit protection
transaction, credit swap, credit default swap, credit default option, total
return swap, credit spread transaction, repurchase transaction, reverse
repurchase transaction, buy/sell-back transaction, securities lending
transaction, weather index transaction or forward purchase or sale of a
security, commodity or other financial instrument or interest (including any
option with respect to any of these transactions) or (ii) which is a type of
transaction that is similar to any transaction referred to in clause (i) above
that is currently, or in the future becomes, recurrently entered into in the
financial markets (including terms and conditions incorporated by reference in
such agreement) and which is a forward, swap, future, option or other
derivative on one or more rates, currencies, commodities, equity securities or
other equity instruments, debt securities or other debt instruments, economic
indices or measures of economic risk or value, or other benchmarks against
which payments or deliveries are to be made and (b) any combination of these
transactions.  
---|---  
  

* * *

(c) |  The "Cross Default" provisions of Section 5(a)(vi) will apply to Party A and will apply to Party B; provided that (i) the term "Cross Default" is hereby modified to exclude any default under any agreement or instrument relating to Specified Indebtedness or the failure to make payment with respect thereto if such default or failure results solely from non-payment by reason of governmental or regulatory action (other than any such governmental or regulatory action resulting from the occurrence of any of the events set out in Section 5(a)(vii)) and (ii) Section 5(a)(vi) is amended by deleting in the seventh line thereof the words ",or becoming capable at such time of being declared," and adding the following at the end thereof: "; provided, however, that, notwithstanding the foregoing, an Event of Default will not occur if (i) the event or condition referred to in Clause (1) above or the failure to pay referred to in Clause (2) above is caused by an error or omission of an administrative or operational nature, (ii) funds were available to such party, Credit Support Provider, or Specified Entity (as the case may be) to enable it to make the relevant payment when due, and (iii) such relevant payment is made on or before the third Local Business Day of when originally due and payable."  
---|---  
  
If such provisions apply:

  

"Specified Indebtedness" will have the meaning specified in Section 14, except
that such term shall not include obligations in respect of deposits received
in the ordinary course of Party A's banking business.

  

"Threshold Amount" means in relation to Party A, an amount equal to 3% of the
total shareholders' equity of Party A, as specified from time to time in the
most recently published audited financial statements of Party A (or its
equivalent in any other currency) and, in relation to Party B, an amount equal
to 3% of its Net Asset Value.

  

(d) |  The "Credit Event Upon Merger" provisions of Section 5(b)(iv) will apply to Party A and will apply to Party B.  
---|---  
  
  

(e) |  The "Automatic Early Termination" provision of Section 6(a) will not apply to Party A and will not apply to Party B; provided, however, that if at any time an Event of Default specified in Section 5(a)(vii) (1), (3), (4), (5), (6) or, to the extent analogous thereto, (8), with respect to a party has occurred and is then continuing, and any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction acting pursuant to any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting such party makes an order which has or purports to have the effect of prohibiting the other party from designating an Early Termination Date in respect of all outstanding Transactions at any time after such Event of Default has occurred and is then continuing, in accordance with Section 6(a), the "Automatic Early Termination" provision of 6(a) will apply to such party.  
---|---  
  
  

(f) |  Payments on Early Termination. For the purpose of Section 6(e), Loss and the Second Method will apply.  
---|---  
  
  

(g) |  "Termination Currency" means United States Dollars.  
---|---  
  
  

(h) |  Additional Event of Default. The following shall constitute an additional Event of Default with respect to Party B and following the occurrence of such additional Event of Default, Party B shall be the Defaulting Party:  
---|---  
  
  

Corporate Capital Trust, Inc. ceases to legally and beneficially own 100% of
all classes of equity or other ownership interests in Party B.

  

(i) |  "Additional Termination Event" will apply.  
---|---  
  
  

The following shall constitute Additional Termination Events with respect to
Party B and, following the occurrence of any such Additional Termination
Event, Party B shall be the sole Affected Party:

  

(i) |  Illegality. A securities regulatory authority having jurisdiction over Party B or any Specified Entity requires the wind-up, termination, dissolution or liquidation of Party B or any Specified Entity in whole or in part, or issues a cease trade order in respect of Party B or any Specified Entity, in accordance with applicable legislation (each a "Regulatory Event") and such Regulatory Event is not stayed, dismissed or repealed within 30 days and, as a result thereof, Party A concludes, in its reasonable judgment exercised in good faith, that Party B or any Specified Entity is reasonably expected to be unable to comply with or perform in the normal course any agreement or obligation to be complied with or performed by Party B in accordance with the Agreement.  
---|---  
  
  


* * *

(ii) |  Change of Manager /Lack of Authority. Corporate Capital Trust, Inc. or any legal successor thereto (the "Manager") ceases to be the manager of Party B or ceases to have authority to enter into Transactions, execute Confirmations, exercise all rights of Party B in respect of Transactions, and direct payments under this Agreement on behalf of Party B and shall not have been replaced by another person or entity as to which Party A has not made an objection, having a reasonable basis, in writing with 10 Business Days following the date on which Party A is notified of such replacement.  
---|---  
  
  

(iii) |  Failure to Comply with Constitutive Documents. Party B fails to fully comply with any material term or requirement of the documentation constituting or governing Party B and as a result thereof, Party A concludes, in its reasonable judgment, that Party B is unable to comply with or perform in the normal course any material agreement or obligation to be complied with or performed by it hereunder.  
---|---  
  
  

(iv) |  Manager Event. The occurrence of any event which has had or could reasonably likely constitute a material adverse change in, or have a material adverse effect upon, the business, properties, assets, operations, liabilities (actual or contingent), condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of the Manager and which, in the reasonable opinion of Party A, could result in a material impairment of the ability of Party B to perform its obligations under this Agreement or any regulatory or judicial authority with competent jurisdiction over the Manager (or any successor) initiates any criminal or formal disciplinary proceeding alleging that the Manager is or has been engaged in financial fraud or criminal wrongdoing which is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the risk profile of an investor in or lender to Party B.  
---|---  
  
  

(v) |  Net Asset Value. (a) the month-end Net Asset Value of Party B declines 20% or more from the Net Asset Value of Party B in effect as of the immediately preceding calendar month-end; (b) the month-end Net Asset Value of Party B declines 30% or more from the Net Asset Value of Party B in effect as of the third preceding calendar month-end; (c) the month-end Net Asset Value of Party B declines 40% or more from the Net Asset Value of Party B as of the twelfth preceding calendar month-end; or (d) at any time, the Net Asset Value of Party B is less than 50% of Party B's Net Asset Value in effect as of the date of this Agreement or less than 50% of Party B's Net Asset Value in effect as of the last day of the preceding calendar year. For purposes of this provision, all NAV calculations will include the effects of capital contributions and withdrawals.  
---|---  
  
  

(vi) |  Failure to Provide Statements. Party B fails to comply with its delivery obligations under Part 3 of this Schedule and such failure is not remedied within five (5) Local Business Days of the effective date of Party A's notice to Party B of such failure.  
---|---  
  
  

(vii) |  Non-Compliance with Investment Policies. Party B fails to comply in any material respect with the investment policies, strategies, guidelines and restrictions set forth in Party B's disclosure document, constituent documentation or investment management agreement in effect as of the date hereof (the foregoing policies, strategies, guidelines and restrictions being hereinafter referred to as the "Investment Policies") and Party A concludes, in its reasonable judgment exercised in good faith, that Party B is reasonably expected to be unable to comply with or perform in the normal course any agreement or obligation to be complied with or performed by it in accordance with the Agreement.  
---|---  
  
  


* * *

(viii) |  Change to Investment Policies. Party B materially changes the Investment Policies which prevents Party B from performing its obligations under the Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, Party B may engage in loan origination, although it must remain invested broadly in corporate credit.  
---|---  
  
  

(ix) |  Key Employee. At any time there are fewer than four Key Persons. For purposes hereof, a person shall cease to be a Key Person if such person ceases, at any time, to be partners, members or directors of KKR or perform any investment or risk assessment function or responsibility in respect of KKR, or ceases to be an employee of KKR.  
---|---  
  
  

"Key Person" means each of Henry R. Kravis, George R. Roberts, Frederick M.
Goltz, William C. Sonneborn, Erik A. Falk, Christopher A. Sheldon and Scott C.
Nuttall.

  

(x) |  Change of CCT Investment Manager/Lack of Authority. Both of CNL Fund Advisors and KKR cease to be an investment manager of Corporate Capital Trust, Inc. or cease to have authority over the trading and investment activities of Corporate Capital Trust, Inc. unless a substitute investment manager reasonably acceptable to Party A, is appointed within fifteen (15) days of the date on which CNL Fund Advisors and KKR cease to be the investment manager of Corporate Capital Trust, Inc. or cease to have authority over the trading and investment activities of Corporate Capital Trust, Inc.  
---|---  
  
  

  

(j) |  Failure to Pay. The word "third" in the third line of Section 5(a)(i) of this Agreement is deleted and replaced by the word "second".  
---|---  
  
  

(k) |  Additional Definitions. For the purposes of this Agreement, the following definition shall apply:  
---|---  
  
  

"Net Asset Value" means, as of the relevant date, (1) the total value of all
assets ("Total Assets") minus the total value of all liabilities of Party B,
as calculated in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America ("GAAP").

  

Part 2. Tax Representations.

  

(a) |  Payer Tax Representations. For the purpose of Section 3(e) of this Agreement, Party A and Party B will make the following representation:  
---|---  
  
  

Subject to the provisions of FATCA Withholding Taxes, it is not required by
any applicable law, as modified by the practice of any relevant governmental
revenue authority, of any Relevant Jurisdiction to make any deduction or
withholding for or on account of any Tax from any payment (other than interest
under Section 2(e), 6(d)(ii) or 6(e) of this Agreement) to be made by it to
the other party under this Agreement. In making this representation, it may
rely on (i) the accuracy of any representations made by the other party
pursuant to Section 3(f) of this Agreement, (ii) the satisfaction of the
agreement contained in Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) and the accuracy and
effectiveness of any document provided by the other party pursuant to Section
4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) and (iii) the satisfaction of the agreement of the other
party contained in Section 4(d), provided that it shall not be a breach of
this representation where reliance is placed on clause (ii) and the other
party does not deliver a form or document under Section 4(a)(iii) by reason of
material prejudice to its legal or commercial position. For this purpose,
"FATCA Withholding Taxes" means any U.S. federal withholding tax imposed or
collected pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), any current or future regulations or
official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to
Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or
practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in
connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code ("FATCA
Withholding Tax")

  


* * *

(b) |  Payee Tax Representations.  
---|---  
  
  

|  (i) |  For the purpose of Section 3(f), Party A will make the following representations:  
---|---|---  
  
  

|  1. |  It is a chartered bank organized under the laws of Canada.  
---|---|---  
  
  

|  2. |  It is or upon effectiveness of FATCA will be FATCA compliant (either by registration with the IRS or participation in an Intergovernmental Agreement. FATCA for this purpose means the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act.  
---|---|---  
  
  

|  (ii) |  For the purpose of Section 3(f), Party B will make the following representations:  
---|---|---  
  
  

|  1. |  It is company with limited liability incorporated and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware.  
---|---|---  
  
  

Part 3. Agreement to Deliver Documents.

  

For the purpose of Sections 4(a)(i) and 4(a)(ii), each party agrees to deliver
the following documents, as applicable:-

  

(a) |  Tax forms, documents or certificates to be delivered are:  
---|---  
  
  

Party required to deliver document |  Form/Document/Certificate |  Date by which To be delivered  
---|---|---  
Party A |  U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-8 BEN (or any successor form thereto). |  (i) Upon or prior to execution of this Agreement, (ii) promptly upon reasonable demand by the other party and (iii) promptly upon learning that any such form previously provided by the relevant party has become obsolete or incorrect  
Party A and Party B |  Any form or document accurately completed and in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the other party that may be required or reasonably requested for the purpose of complying with Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (as defined below), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entering into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, each party agrees to deliver any form or document that may be required or reasonably requested to identify tax status with respect to the matters described in the previous sentence (a "FATCA withholding certificate"), with any such FATCA withholding certificate to be completed in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the other party. |  Promptly upon reasonable demand by the other party.  
  

* * *

(b) Other documents to be delivered:

  

  

Party required to deliver document |  Form/ Document/ Certificate |  Date by which To be delivered |  Covered by Section 3(d) Representation  
---|---|---|---  
Party A and Party B |  Certificate of Incumbency |  Upon the execution and delivery of this Agreement and promptly upon reasonable request prior to the execution and delivery of any applicable Confirmation. |  Yes  
Party B |  Full Trading Authorization, in a form set out in Schedule A attached hereto. |  Upon execution of this Agreement. |  Yes  
  
  

Party B |  Board Resolution authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Party B in a form reasonably satisfactory to Party A. |  Upon execution of this Agreement |  No  
---|---|---|---  
Party B |  (i) Unaudited financial statement of Party B's Total Assets and Net Asset Value as of the end of each calendar month in a form reasonably satisfactory to Party A, and (ii) unaudited statement as to the funded capital contributions of the sole owner of Party B. |  Within 30 calendar days after the last day of each month; subject to timely receipt of information from Party A necessary to prepare such statement and calculations |  Yes  
Party B |  Unaudited financial statement of (i) Party B's Total Assets and Net Asset as of the end of such fiscal year, and (ii) Party B's statement of operations for such fiscal year prepared in accordance with GAAP. |  As soon as available and in any event within 120 calendar days after the end of each fiscal year of Party B. |  Yes  
Party B |  Party B agrees to supply additional information about the financial condition of Party B upon reasonable request by Party A, provided, however, such information is not required to be prepared in accordance with GAAP. |  Within 10 business days of request made by Party A. |   
  

* * *

  

  

Part 4

  

Miscellaneous

  

(a) Addresses for Notices. For the purpose of Section 12(a) of this Agreement:

  

All notices or communications to a party, with respect to a particular
Transaction, shall be sent to the address or facsimile number reflected in the
Confirmation for that Transaction; provided, however, that all notices in
respect of Sections 5, 6, 9(b) or 13(c) of this Agreement shall also be
directed to such party's Office as specified below:

  

(i) Address for notices or communications to Party A:

Address: | 40 King Street West, Scotia Plaza, 64th Floor |   
---|---|---  
| Toronto, Ontario |   
| Canada |   
| M5H 1H1 |   
Attention: | Global Markets Documentation |   
Facsimile No.: | (416) 866-7767 |   
Telephone No.: | (416) 866-6613 |   
  
(ii) Addresses for notices or communications to Party B:

Address: | Halifax Funding LLC |   
---|---|---  
| C/o Corporate Capital Trust |   
| C/o CNL Fund Advisors Company |   
| 450 South Orange Ave |   
| Orlando, FL 32801 |   
|  |   
|  |   
Attention:  | General Counsel |   
| Chief Financial Officer |   
Facsimile No.:  | (407) 540-7653 |   
Telephone No.:  | (866) 745-3797 |   
  
With mandatory copy to:  

Address: | c/o KKR Asset Management LLC |   
---|---|---  
| 555 California Street, 50th Floor |   
| San Francisco, CA 94104 |   
|  |   
|  |   
Attention:  | General Counsel |   
Facsimile No.:  | (415) 391-3077 |   
Telephone No.:  | (415) 315-3620  
  

(b) Process Agent. For the purpose of Section 13(c) of this Agreement:

Party A appoints as its Process Agent: Not applicable.

Party B appoints as its Process Agent: Halifax Funding LLC is: National
Registered Agents, Inc., 160 Greentree Drive, Suite 101, Dover, Delaware
19904.

  

(c) |  Offices. The provisions of Section 10(a) will apply to this Agreement.  
---|---  
  
  

(d) Multibranch Party. For the purpose of Section 10(c) of this Agreement:

  

Party A is a Multibranch Party and shall be acting out of its New York and
Toronto Offices.


* * *

Party B is not a Multibranch Party

  

(e) |  Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent is Party A unless otherwise agreed in a Confirmation in respect to the relevant Transaction. If at any time an Event of Default is continuing with respect to a party hereto, then, the other party hereto or an independent third party selected by that other party will act as Calculation Agent.  
---|---  
  
  

|  Where a calculation or determination by the Calculation is disputed in good
faith, the calculation shall be performed by a third party mutually agreed and
appointed by Party A and Party B (the "Substitute Calculation Agent"). If the
parties are unable to agree on a Substitute Calculation Agent on or before the
second Business Day following the date on which notice of the dispute is given
to the Calculation Agent, each of Party A and Party B shall promptly elect an
independent dealer, and such independent dealer shall agree on a third party,
who shall be deemed to be the Substitute Calculation Agent. Subject to the
foregoing, all determinations and calculations by the Substitute Calculation
Agent will be binding and conclusive in the absence of manifest error. The
parties acting as Substitute Calculation Agent shall also be asked to advise
whether the Calculation Agent's original determination was reasonable in the
circumstances of this trade and such calculation. If a majority of such
parties opine that the Calculation Agent's original calculation was reasonable
as aforesaid, the costs of the parties acting as Substitute Calculation Agent
will be borne by the party who is not acting as Calculation Agent. If a
majority of such parties opine that the Calculation Agent's original
calculation was not reasonable as aforesaid, the costs of the parties acting
as Substitute Calculation Agent will be borne by party acting as Calculation
Agent.  
---|---  
  
  

|  The parties hereto agree that the terms of this Part 4(e) (the "Calculation
Agent Provision") may not be amended or modified by a Confirmation executed
between the parties pursuant to this Agreement unless such Confirmation
indicates the parties' intent to modify, amend or supersede the Calculation
Agent Provision.  
---|---  
  
  

|  The failure of the Calculation Agent to comply with or perform any of its
agreements or obligations as Calculation Agent will not constitute an Event of
Default pursuant to Section 5(a)(ii) of the Agreement with respect to such
party and the sole remedy of the other party with respect to such failure will
be the right, upon notice to the Calculation Agent and provided that such
failure is then continuing, to designate itself or a third party as a
replacement Calculation Agent.  
---|---  
  
  

(f) |  Credit Support Document. Details of any Credit Support Document:  
---|---  
  
  

In relation to Party A: Not applicable

In relation to Party B: |  (i) the Credit Support Annex, dated November 15, 2012, between Party A and Party B, and (ii) the Custodian Agreement, dated November 15, 2012, among Party A, Corporate Capital Trust, Inc., Party B and The Bank of Nova Scotia Trust Company of New York.  
---|---  
  
  

(g) |  Credit Support Provider. Credit Support Provider means:  
---|---  
  
  

In relation to Party A: |  Not applicable.  
---|---  
  
In relation to Party B: |  Not applicable.  
---|---  
  
  

(h) |  Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York (including Section 5-1401 and 5-1402 but otherwise without reference to the choice of law doctrine).  
---|---  
  
  

(i) |  "Affiliate" will have the meaning specified in Section 14; provided that for Party B, "Affiliate" shall mean: none.  
---|---  
  
  


* * *

Part 5

  

Other Provisions

  

(a) |  ISDA Definitions. Reference is hereby made to the 2006 ISDA Definitions ( the "ISDA Definitions") as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., which are hereby incorporated by reference herein. Any terms used and not otherwise defined herein, which are contained in the ISDA Definitions shall have the meaning set forth therein. In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of this Agreement and the ISDA Definitions, the provisions of this Agreement shall prevail. For the purpose of this Agreement, the expression "Swap Transaction" as used in the ISDA Definitions shall be read to mean "Transactions".  
---|---  
  
(b) |  Scope of Agreement. Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, only the total return basket swap transaction entered into between Party A and Party B pursuant to a Confirmation, dated November 15, 2012 shall constitute a "Transaction" under this Agreement and shall be subject to, governed by, and construed in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.  
---|---  
  
  

(c) |  Inconsistency. In the event of any inconsistency between any of the following documents, the relevant document first listed below shall govern: (i) a Confirmation; (ii) this Schedule and "Paragraph 13 - Elections & Variables" to the ISDA Credit Support Annex (as applicable); (iii) the ISDA Definitions; and (iv) the printed form of ISDA Master Agreement and ISDA Credit Support Annex (as applicable).  
---|---  
  
  

(d) |  Illegality. For the purpose of Section 5(b)(i), the obligation of a party to comply with any directive issued or given by any government agency or authority with competent jurisdiction which has the result referred to in Section 5(b)(i) will be deemed to be an "Illegality".  
---|---  
  
  

(e) |  Set-Off. |  Section 6 will be amended by adding the following as Section 6(f):  
---|---|---  
  
  

"(f) Set Off. Any amount (the "Early Termination Amount") payable to one party
(the "Payee") by the other party (the "Payer") pursuant to Section 4(D) of the
TRS Confirmation or Section 6(e) (as applicable), in circumstances where there
is a Defaulting Party or one Affected Party in the case where a Termination
Event under Section 5(b)(iv) or Section 5(b)(v) (if applicable) has occurred,
will, at the option of the party ("X") other than the Defaulting Party or the
Affected Party ("Y") (and without prior notice to Y), be reduced by its set-
off against any amount(s) (the "Other Agreement Amount") payable (whether at
such time or in the future or upon the occurrence of a contingency) by the
Payee to the Payer (irrespective of the currency, place of payment or booking
office of the obligation) under any other agreement(s) between the Payee and
the Payer or instrument(s) or undertaking(s) issued or executed by one party
to, or in favour of, the other party (and the Other Agreement Amount will be
discharged promptly and in all respects to the extent it is so set-off). X
will give notice to Y of any set-off effected under this Section 6(f).

  

For this purpose, either the Early Termination Amount or the Other Agreement
Amount (or the relevant portion of such amounts) may be converted by X into
the currency in which the other is denominated at the rate of exchange at
which such party is able, acting in a reasonable manner and in good faith, to
purchase the relevant amount of such currency.

  

If an obligation is unascertained, X may in good faith estimate that
obligation and set-off in respect of the estimate, subject to the relevant
party accounting to the other when the obligation is ascertained. X will give
notice to the other party of any set-off effected pursuant to this provision.

  

Nothing in this Section 6(f) shall be effective to create a charge or other
security interest. This Section 6(f) shall be without prejudice and in
addition to any right of set-off, combination of accounts, lien or other right
to which any party is at any time otherwise entitled (whether by operation of
law, contract or otherwise).

  


* * *

(f) |  Form of Agreement. The parties hereto agree that the text of the body of the Agreement is intended to be the printed form of the 1992 ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency - Cross Border) version as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.  
---|---  
  
  

(g) |  Relationship Between Parties. Each party will be deemed to represent to the other on the day on which it enters into a Transaction that (absent a written agreement between the parties that expressly imposes affirmative obligations to the contrary for the Transaction):  
---|---  
  
  

(i) Non-Reliance. It is acting for its own account, and it has made its own
independent decisions to enter into that Transaction and as to whether that
Transaction is appropriate or proper for it based upon its own judgment and
upon advice from such advisors as it has deemed necessary. It is not relying
on any communication (written or oral) of the other party as investment advice
being understood that information and explanations related to the terms and
conditions of a Transaction shall not be considered investment advice or a
recommendation to enter into that Transaction. No communication (written or
oral) received from the other party shall be deemed to be an assurance or
guarantee as to the expected results of that Transaction.

  

(ii) Assessment and Understanding. It is capable of assessing the merits of
and understanding (on its own behalf or through independent professional
advice), and understands and accepts, the terms, conditions and risks of that
Transaction. It is also capable of assuming and assumes, the risks of that
Transaction.

  

(iii) Status of Parties. The other party is not acting as a fiduciary for or
as an advisor to it in respect of that Transaction.

  

(iv) No Agency. It is entering into this Agreement, including each
Transaction, as principal and not as agent of any person or entity.

  

(v) Hedging. It understands and acknowledges that the other party may, either
in connection with entering into a Transaction or from time to time
thereafter, engage in open market transactions that are designed to hedge or
reduce the risks incurred by it in connection with such Transaction and that
the effect of such open market transactions may be to affect or reduce the
value of such Transaction.

  

(vii) Eligible Contract Participant. Each party represents to the other party
(which representation will be deemed to be repeated by each party on each date
on which a Transaction is entered into) that it is an "eligible contract
participant", as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended.

  

(viii) Commitment to Unwind. Neither party has committed to unwind that
Transaction.

  

(h) |  Additional Representations of Party B. In addition to the representations of Party B under Sections 3 and 4 of this Agreement, Party B represents and warrants to Party A (which representations will be deemed to be repeated by Party B on each date on which a Transaction is entered into with Party B) and agrees that:  
---|---  
  
  

|  (i) |  Absence of Certain Events. To the knowledge of Party B, no Event of Default, Potential Event of Default or Termination Event with respect to the Fund has occurred and is continuing and no such event or circumstance would occur as a result of entering into or performance of the obligations of the Fund under this Agreement.  
---|---|---  
  
  

|  (ii) |  Authorization of KKR. KKR is duly authorized to conduct the trading and investment activities of Party B (including, without limitation, the authority to enter into Transactions, execute Confirmations, exercise all rights of Party B in respect of Transactions, and direct payments under this Agreement on behalf of Party B).  
---|---|---  
  
  

|  (iii) |  ERISA. It continuously represents that it is not (i) an Employee Benefit Plan (as defined under Title I of ERISA; a "plan" that is subject to the prohibited transaction provisions of Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") or "benefit plan investor" (as defined under Section 3(42) of ERISA) (hereinafter an "ERISA Plan"), or a governmental plan subject to any federal, state or local law that is substantially similar to Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, (ii) in connection with any Transaction under this Agreement, a person acting on behalf of, or using funds that constitute, directly or indirectly, the assets of an ERISA Plan or a government plan.  
---|---|---  
  
  


* * *

(i) |  Waiver of Tax Confidentiality. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Party A and Party B and each of their respective employees, representatives or other agents may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the tax treatment and the tax structure of the transactions contemplated hereby and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to such party relating to such tax treatment and tax structure insofar as such treatment and/or structure relates to an income tax strategy provided to one party hereto by the other party hereto and their respective subsidiaries.  
---|---  
  
  

(j) |  WAIVER OF RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY. EACH PARTY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY CREDIT SUPPORT DOCUMENT. EACH PARTY (I) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF THE OTHER PARTY OR ANY CREDIT SUPPORT PROVIDER HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF SUCH A SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (II) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTY HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND PROVIDE FOR ANY CREDIT SUPPORT DOCUMENT, AS APPLICABLE, BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.  
---|---  
  
  

(m) |  Recordings of Conversations. Each party (i) consents to the recording of telephone conversations between the trading, marketing and other relevant personnel of the parties in connection with this Agreement or any potential Transaction, (ii) agrees to obtain any necessary consent of, and give any necessary notice of such recording to, its relevant personnel, and (iii) agrees, to the extent permitted by applicable law, that recordings may be submitted in evidence in any Proceedings.  
---|---  
  
(n) |  Limitation of Liability. No party shall be required to pay or be liable for special, punitive, exemplary, incidental, consequential, or indirect damages (whether or not arising from its negligence) to any other party.  
---|---  
  
(o) |  General Conditions. If a party (A) exercises its rights in connection with Section 2(a)(iii) and elects not to make any payment or delivery specified in a Confirmation to be made by it for thirty (30) Local Business Days, and (B) does not designate an Early Termination Date in connection with such Event of Default, Potential Event of Default or Condition Precedent, then the other party to this Agreement shall have the right to designate an Early Termination Date in connection with this Agreement.  
---|---  
  
(p) |  Limited Recourse. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, Party A hereby acknowledges and agrees that it shall have recourse solely to the assets of Party B. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in no event shall Party A or any of Party A's Affiliates have recourse, whether by set-off or otherwise, with respect to any such amounts owed or liabilities incurred, to or against (a) any assets of any person or entity (including without limitation, any person or entity whose account is under the management of KKR or CNL Fund Advisors Company (CNL")) other than Party B or (b) any assets of the Manager, KKR, CNL or any affiliate of the Manager, KKR or CNL.  
---|---  
  
[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

  


* * *

  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Schedule by their duly
authorized representative(s) as of the date hereof.

  

THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA |  HALIFAX FUNDING LLC  
---|---  
|  By: Corporate Capital Trust, Inc., its Designated Manager  
|  
|  
By: /s/ Jeffrey Kempa________________ |  By: /s/ Paul S. Saint-Pierre_______________________  
Name: Jeffrey Kempa |  Name: Paul S. Saint-Pierre  
Title: Director By: ______________________________ |  Title: Chief Financial Officer  
Name: Title: |   
  
  

  


* * *

  

SCHEDULE A

  

Form of Trading Authorization

  

HALIFAX FUNDING LLC

C/O Corporate Capital Trust

C/O CNL Fund Advisors Company

450 South Orange Ave

Orlando, FL 32801

  

  

November 15, 2012

  

The Bank of Nova Scotia

44 King Street West

Toronto, Ontario

M5H 1H1

  

Dear Sirs:

  

Re: Full Trading Authorization

  

The undersigned hereby confirms that it has authorized Corporate Capital
Trust, Inc. (the "Manager"), as its agent and attorney-in-fact, to enter into
with you, from time to time, "Transactions" (as defined in the ISDA Master
Agreement, dated as of November 15, 2012, between the undersigned and you. The
undersigned understands, acknowledges and agrees that such Transactions shall
be entered into in the name of the undersigned and for its account and risk,
to the same extent and with the same force and effect as if the undersigned
had entered into each such Transaction directly.

  

You are hereby authorized and directed to follow the instructions of the
Manager in every respect concerning the Transactions and all matters related
thereto, and, without limitation of the foregoing, to make or receive payments
and/or transfers or deliveries of securities or other property with respect to
any Transaction, all in accordance with the Manager's instructions. The
undersigned hereby agrees that you shall have no liability to the undersigned
arising out of or related to any actions taken or not taken by you in reliance
on the instructions of the Manager, with respect to any Transaction, and the
undersigned hereby expressly waives any claims or causes of action it might
otherwise be entitled to assert in connection therewith provided, however,
that such waiver does not include errors made by you or the result of action
taken by you which result solely from your gross negligence, fraud or willful
misconduct.

  

The undersigned expressly acknowledges, represents, warrants and agrees that
(a) the Manager will be solely responsible for all investment or trading
decisions made with respect to the Transactions; (b) you are in no way
responsible for the actions or inactions of the Manager in connection with the
Transactions and you do not, by implication or otherwise, endorse the Manager
or its trading strategies or activities undertaken on behalf of the
undersigned; (c) the undersigned will be solely responsible for monitoring the
Transactions and the activities of the Manager on behalf of the undersigned,
and you will have no responsibility whatsoever with respect thereto; (d) the
Transactions entered into by the Manager on behalf of the undersigned involves
a high degree of risk and could expose the undersigned to significant losses;
and (e) the undersigned is capable of understanding and evaluating such risks
and is financially able to bear, and does bear, such risks.

  

This authorization (a) is continuing and shall remain in full force and effect
until your receipt of written notice of the undersigned's revocation thereof,
which revocation shall not affect any obligations (contingent or otherwise)
existing prior to the date of your receipt of such revocation; (b) shall inure
to the benefit of you, your successors and assigns; (c) shall be binding upon
the undersigned and its legal representatives; (d) shall be governed and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York in all
respects; and (e) shall be in addition to (and shall in no way limit or
restrict) any rights which you may have at law.

  

  

Yours truly, |   
---|---  
|  
HALIFAX FUNDING LLC |   
By: Corporate Capital Trust, Inc., its Designated Manager |   
|  
|  |   
By: |  /s/ Paul S. Saint-Pierre |   
Name: | Paul S. Saint-Pierre |   
Title: | Chief Financial Officer |   
  
  
  

* * *

* * *

