**SCHEDULE**

to the

**Master Agreement**

  

dated as of **September 30, 2005**

between

**HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION** |   
  
and | **SUPPLEMENTAL INTEREST TRUST, STRUCTURED ASSET INVESTMENT LOAN TRUST MORTGAGE PASS-THROUGH CERTIFICATES,  
SERIES 2005-8**  
---|---|---  
_( "Party A")_ |  | _( "Party B";')_  
  
**_Part 1.  Termination Provisions._**

(a)

**_" Specified Entity"_** means in relation to Party A for the purpose of:

Section 5(a)(v), not applicable

Section 5(a)(vi), not applicable

Section 5(a)(vii), not applicable

Section 5(b)(iv), not applicable

and in relation to Party B for the purpose of:

Section 5(a)(v), not applicable

Section 5(a)(vi), not applicable

Section 5(a)(vii), not applicable

Section 5(b)(iv), not applicable

(b)

**_" Specified Transaction"_** will have the meaning specified in Section 14
of this Agreement.

(c)

**_Certain Events of Default._**  The following Events of Default will apply
to the parties as specified below, and the definition of "Event of Default" in
Section 14 is deemed to be modified accordingly:

Section 5(a)(i) (_Failure to Pay or Deliver_) will apply to Party A and Party
B.

Section 5(a)(ii) (_Breach of Agreement_) will not apply to Party A or Party B.

Section 5(a)(iii) (_Credit Support Default_) will not apply to Party A or
Party B.

Section 5(a)(iv) (_Misrepresentation_) will not apply to Party A or Party B.

Section 5(a)(v) (_Default under Specified Transaction_) will not apply to
Party A or Party B.

Section 5(a)(vi) (_Cross Default_) will not apply to Party A or Party B.

Section 5(a)(vii) (_Bankruptcy_) will apply to Party A and Party B;
**provided** that clause (2) thereof shall not apply to Party B.

Section 5(a)(viii) (_Merger without Assumption_) will apply to Party A and
Party B.

(d)

**_Termination Events._**  The following Termination Events will apply to the
parties as specified below:

Section 5(b)(i) (_Illegality_) will apply to Party A and Party B.

Section 5(b)(ii) (_Tax Event_) will apply to Party A and Party B.

Section 5(b)(iii) (_Tax Event upon Merger_) will apply to Party A and Party B.

Section 5(b)(iv) (_Credit Event upon Merger_) will not apply to Party A or
Party B.

(e)

The **_" Automatic Early Termination"_** provision of Section 6(a) of this
Agreement will not apply to Party A and will not apply to Party B.

(f)

**_Payments on Early Termination_**. For the purpose of Section 6(e) of this
Agreement:

(i)

Market Quotation will apply.

(ii)

The Second Method will apply.

(g)

**_" Termination Currency"_** means United States Dollars.

(h)

**_Additional Termination Events._**  The following Additional Termination
Events will apply, in each case with respect to Party B as the sole Affected
Party (unless otherwise provided below):**__**

(i)

Party A fails to comply with the Downgrade Provisions as set forth in Part
5(b), after giving effect to all grace or cure periods therein.  For all
purposes of this Agreement, Party A shall be the sole Affected Party with
respect to the occurrence of a Termination Event described in this Part
1(h)(i).

(ii)

Party B or the Trust Fund (as defined in the Trust Agreement, dated as of
September 1, 2005, among U.S. Bank National Association (the **Trustee**),
Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., The Murrayhill Company, Structured Asset Securities
Corporation and Aurora Loan Services LLC (the **Trust Agreement**)) is
terminated.

 (iii)

The Trust Agreement is amended or modified without the prior written consent
of Party A, where such consent is required under the terms of the Trust
Agreement, or if such amendment or modification adversely affects Party A's
interests under this Agreement or the ability of Party B to fully and timely
perform its obligations under this Agreement.

(iv)  

The Class Principal Amounts of the Offered Certificates and the Class B
Certificates are reduced to zero.

(v)

Notice of the Master Servicer's or, the NIMS Insurer's intention to exercise
its option to purchase the Mortgage Loans pursuant to Section 7.01 of the
Trust Agreement is given by the Trustee to Certificateholders pursuant to
Section 7.02 of the Trust Agreement, **provided** that the Early Termination
Date may not be earlier than the date on which the Certificates are redeemed
pursuant to Section 7.02 of the Trust Agreement.

Notwithstanding anything in Section 6 of the Agreement to the contrary, any
amounts due as result of the occurrence of an Additional Termination Event
described in Part 1(h)(ii) and Part 1(h)(v) of this Schedule may be calculated
prior to the Early Termination Date and shall be payable on the Early
Termination Date.

  
  
  

* * *

  

**_Part 2.  Tax Representations._**

(a)

**_Payer Representations._** For the purpose of Section 3(e) of this
Agreement, Party A will make the following representation and Party B will
make the following representation:

It is not required by any applicable law, as modified by the practice of any
relevant governmental revenue authority, of any Relevant Jurisdiction to make
any deduction or withholding for or on account of any Tax from any payment
(other than interest under Section 2(e), 6(d)(ii) or 6(e) of this Agreement)
to be made by it to the other party under this Agreement. In making this
representation, it may rely on (i) the accuracy of any representations made by
the other party pursuant to Section 3(f) of this Agreement, (ii) the
satisfaction of the agreement contained in Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of
this Agreement and the accuracy and effectiveness of any document provided by
the other party pursuant to Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of this Agreement and
(iii) the satisfaction of the agreement of the other party contained in
Section 4(d) of this Agreement, _provided_ that it shall not be a breach of
this representation where reliance is placed on clause (ii) and the other
party does not deliver a form or document under Section 4(a)(iii) of this
Agreement by reason of material prejudice to its legal or commercial position.

(b)

**_Payee Representations._** For the purpose of Section 3(f) of this
Agreement, Party A and Party B make the representations specified below, if
any:

  

(i)

Party A represents that is a national banking association organized under the
laws of the United States.

  

(ii)

Party B represents that it is a trust created under an agreement governed by
New York law.

  
  
  

* * *

  

**_Part 3.  Agreement to Deliver Documents._**

For the purpose of Sections 4(a)(i) and (ii) of this Agreement, each party
agrees to deliver the following documents, as applicable:

  

(a) Tax forms, documents or certificates to be delivered are:--  
---  
**Party required to deliver document** | **Form/Document/Certificate** | **Date by which to be delivered**  
Party A and Party B | Subject to Section 4(a)(iii), any document required or reasonably requested to allow the other party to make payments under this Agreement without any deduction or withholding on account of any Tax. | (i) promptly upon reasonable demand by Party B, and (ii) promptly upon learning that any such Form previously provided by Party A has become obsolete or incorrect.  
(b) Other documents to be delivered are:--  
**Party required to deliver document** | **Form/Document/Certificate** | **Date by which to be delivered** | **Covered by ยง3(d) Representation**  
Party B | Certified copy of the Board of Directors resolution (or equivalent authorizing documentation) which sets forth the authority of each signatory to this Agreement and each Credit Support Document (if any) signing on its behalf and the authority of such party to enter into Transactions contemplated and performance of its obligations hereunder. | Concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement. | Yes  
Party A and Party B | Incumbency Certificate (or, if available the current authorized signature book or equivalent authorizing documentation) specifying the names, titles, authority and specimen signatures of the persons authorized to execute this Agreement which sets forth the specimen signatures of each signatory to this Agreement, each Confirmation and each Credit Support Document (if any) signing on its behalf. | Concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement unless previously delivered and still in full force and effect. | Yes  
Party A and B | An opinion of counsel to such party reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the other party, and, in the case of Party B, opinions of counsel relating to the Trust Agreement and other deal documents reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Party A. | Concurrently with the execution and delivery of the Confirmation unless previously delivered and still in full force and effect. | No  
Party B | An executed copy of the Trust Agreement. | Within 30 days after the date of this Agreement. | No  
Party B | Each material amendment, supplement or waiver of the Trust Agreement, as proposed from time to time, or any other amendment or modification of the Trust Agreement that requires the written consent of Party A under the terms of the Trust Agreement. | Promptly upon learning of any proposed amendment, supplement or waiver. | No  
  
**_Part 4.  Miscellaneous._**

(a)

**_Addresses for Notices._** For the purposes of Section 12(a) of this
Agreement:

(i)

Addresses for notices or communications to Party A: -

**HSBC Bank USA, National Association  
**452 Fifth Avenue  
New York, NY 10018  
Attn: Legal Department  
Facsimile No.: (212) 525-6509

(ii)

Addresses for notices or communications to Party B:

**U.S. Bank National Association**

1 Federal Street, 3rd Floor

Boston, Massachusetts  02110

Attention:  Structured Finance - SAIL 2005-8

Telephone No.:

(617) 603-6406

Facsimile No:

(503) 258-5962

  

With a copy to:

**Aurora Loan Services LLC, as Master Servicer**

327 Inverness Drive South, 3rd Floor

Englewood, CO 80112

Attention:

Todd Whittemore

Facsimile No.:

(720) 945-3123

Telephone No.:

(720) 945-3422

  

  
  
  

* * *

  

With a copy to:

**Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Securities Administrator**

9062 Old Annapolis Rd.

Columbia, Maryland 21045

Attention: Client Manager - SAIL 2005-8

Telephone No.:

(410) 884-2000

Facsimile No.:

(410) 715-2380

  

 (b)

**_Process Agent._** For the purposes of Section 13(c) of this Agreement:

Party A appoints as its Process Agent, not applicable.

Party B appoints as its Process Agent, not applicable.

(c)

**_Offices._** The provisions of Section 10(a) will not apply to this
Agreement.

(d)

**_Multibranch Party._** For the purpose of Section 10(c) of this Agreement:

Party A is not a Multibranch Party.

Party B is not a Multibranch Party.

(e)

**_Calculation Agent._** The Calculation Agent is Party A.

(f)

**_Credit Support Document._** Credit Support Document means

With respect to Party A, not applicable.

With respect to Party B, the Trust Agreement.

(g)

**_Credit Support Provider._**

Credit Support Provider means in relation to Party A, not applicable.

Credit Support Provider means in relation to Party B, not applicable.

(h)

**_Governing Law._** This Agreement will be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of New York (without reference to choice
of law doctrine other than Sections 5-1401 and 5-1402 of the New York General
Obligations Law).

(i)

**_Netting of Payments._** Subparagraph (ii) of Section 2(c) of this Agreement
will apply to all Transactions (in each case starting from the date of this
Agreement).

(j)

**_" Affiliate"_** will have the meaning specified in Section 14 of this
Agreement, provided that Party A and Party B shall be deemed to have no
Affiliates.

(k)

**_Jurisdiction._** Section 13(b) is hereby amended by: (i) deleting in the
second line of subparagraph (i) thereof the word "non-": and (ii) deleting the
final paragraph thereof.

(l)

**_Waiver of Jury Trial._** Each party waives, to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law, any right it may have to a trial by jury in respect of any
suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any Credit Support
Document. Each party certifies (i) that no representative, agent or attorney
of the other party or any Credit Support Provider has represented, expressly
or otherwise, that such other party would not, in the event of such a suit,
action or proceeding, seek to enforce the foregoing waiver and (ii)
acknowledges that it and the other party have been induced to enter into this
Agreement and provide for any Credit Support Document, as applicable, by,
among other things, the mutual waivers and certifications in this Section.

(m)

**_Consent to Recording._** Each party consents to the recording of the
telephone conversations of trading and marketing personnel of the parties and
their Affiliates in connection with this Agreement or any potential
transaction.

(n)

**_Severability._**  If any term, provision, covenant, or condition of this
Agreement, or the application thereof to any party or circumstance, shall be
held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable (in whole or in part) for any
reason, the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and conditions hereof shall
continue in full force and effect as if this Agreement had been executed with
the illegal, invalid or unenforceable portion eliminated, so long as this
Agreement as so modified continues to express, without material change, the
original intentions of the parties as to the subject matter of this Agreement
and the deletion of such portion of this Agreement will not substantially
impair the respective benefits or expectations of the parties to this
Agreement.

**_Part 5.  Other Provisions._**

(a)

**_Definitions._**  This Agreement, including each Confirmation and each Swap
Transaction, is subject to the 2000 ISDA Definitions, as amended,
supplemented, updated, and superseded from time to time (the "Definitions"),
as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.
("ISDA") and will be governed in all respects by the Definitions (except that
references to "Swap Transactions" shall be deemed to be references to
"Transactions"). The Definitions are incorporated by reference in, and made
part of, this Agreement and each Confirmation as if set forth in full in this
Agreement and such Confirmations. In the event of any inconsistency between
the provisions of this Agreement and the Definitions, this Agreement will
prevail (and, in the event of any inconsistency between any Confirmation and
the Definitions, the Confirmation will control). Any reference in a
Confirmation to any Definitions which are amended or supplemented in this
Schedule shall be deemed to be a reference to such Definitions as so amended
or supplemented, unless the Confirmation states, by specific reference to any
such amendment or supplement, that such amendment or supplement will not apply
in respect of the Transaction to which such Confirmation relates.

(b)

**_Downgrade Provisions.  _**

(1)

It shall be a collateralization event ("**Collateralization Event "**) if (A)
either (i) the unsecured, long-term senior debt obligations of Party A are
rated below "A1" by Moody's Investors Service, Inc. ("**Moody 's"**) or are
rated "A1" by Moody's and such rating is on watch for possible downgrade to
below "A1" (but only for so long as it is on watch for possible downgrade) or
(ii) the unsecured, short-term debt obligations of Party A are rated below
"P-1" by Moody's or are rated "P-1" by Moody's and such rating is on watch for
possible downgrade to below "P-1" (but only for so long as it is on watch for
possible downgrade), (B) no short-term rating is available from Moody's and
the unsecured, long-term senior debt obligations of Party A are rated below
"Aa3" by Moody's or are rated "Aa3" by Moody's and such rating is on watch for
possible downgrade to below "Aa3" (but only for so long as it is on watch for
possible downgrade), (C) or either (i) the unsecured, short-term debt
obligations of Party A are rated below "A-1" by Standard & Poor's Rating
Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. ("**S &P"**) or (ii)
if Party A does not have a short-term rating from S&P, the unsecured, long-
term senior debt obligations of Party A are rated below "A+" by S&P, or (D)
the unsecured, long-term senior debt obligations or financial strength ratings
of Party A are rated below "A" by Fitch, Inc. ("**Fitch "**). For the
avoidance of doubt, the parties hereby acknowledge and agree that
notwithstanding the occurrence of a Collateralization Event, this Agreement
and each Transaction hereunder shall continue to be as a Swap Agreement for
purposes of the Trust Agreement.  Within 30 days from the date a
Collateralization Event has occurred**** and so long as such Collateralization
Event is continuing, Party A shall, at its sole expense, either (i) post
collateral according to the terms of an ISDA 1994 New York Law Credit Support
Annex, which shall receive prior written confirmation from each of the Rating
Agencies (as defined in the Trust Agreement)  that their then-current ratings
of the Offered Certificates and the Class B Certificates will not be
downgraded or withdrawn by such Rating Agency (the "**Rating Agency Condition
"**), or (ii) obtain a substitute counterparty that (a) is reasonably
acceptable to Party B and satisfies the Rating Agency Condition, (b) satisfies
the Hedge Counterparty Ratings Requirement (as defined herein) and (c) assumes
the obligations of Party A under this Agreement (through an assignment and
assumption agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Party B)
or replaces the outstanding Transactions hereunder with transactions on
identical terms, except that Party A shall be replaced as counterparty,
**provided** that such substitute counterparty, as of the date of such
assumption or replacement, will not, as a result thereof, be required to
withhold or deduct on account of tax under the Agreement or the new
transactions, as applicable, and such assumption or replacement will not lead
to a termination event or event of default occurring under the Agreement or
new transactions, as applicable.

(2)

It shall be a ratings event ("**Ratings Event "**) if at any time after the
date hereof Party A shall fail to satisfy the Hedge Counterparty Ratings
Threshold.  **_Hedge Counterparty Ratings Threshold_** shall mean (A) the
unsecured,  long-term senior debt obligations of Party A are rated at least
"BBB-" by S&P, (B) either (i) the unsecured, long-term senior debt obligations
of Party A are rated at least "A2" by Moody's (and such rating is not on watch
for possible downgrade to below "A2") and the unsecured, short-term debt
obligations of Party A are rated at least "P-1" by Moody's (and such rating is
not on watch for possible downgrade to below "P-1") or (ii) if Party A does
not have a short-term rating from Moody's, the unsecured, long-term senior
debt obligations of Party A are rated at least "A1" by Moody's, and (C) either
(i) the unsecured, senior debt obligations or financial strength ratings of
Party A , are rated at least "A" by Fitch or (ii) the unsecured, short-term
debt obligations (if any) of Party A , are rated at least "F1" by Fitch.  For
the avoidance of all doubts, the parties hereby acknowledge and agree that
notwithstanding the occurrence of a Ratings Event, this Agreement and each
Transaction hereunder shall continue to be a Swap Agreement for purposes of
the Trust Agreement.

(3)

Following a Ratings Event and so long as such Ratings Event is continuing,
Party A shall take the following actions:

(a)

Party A, at its sole expense, shall (i) commence actively to seek to obtain a
substitute counterparty that (A) satisfies the Rating Agency Condition, (B)
satisfies the Hedge Counterparty Ratings Requirement (as defined below) and
(C) assumes the obligations of Party A under this Agreement (through an
assignment and assumption agreement in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to Party B) or replaces the outstanding Transactions hereunder
with transactions on identical terms, except that Party A shall be replaced as
counterparty, **provided** that such substitute counterparty, as of the date
of such assumption or replacement, will not, as a result thereof, be required
to withhold or deduct on account of tax under the Agreement or the new
transactions, as applicable, and such assumption or replacement will not lead
to a termination event or event of default occurring under the Agreement or
new transactions, as applicable, and (ii) be required to post collateral as
set forth in (b) below;

(b)

If Party A has not obtained a substitute counterparty as set forth in (3)(a)
above within 30 days (or, in the case of a failure to meet the requirements of
subparagraph (A) of the definition of "Hedge Counterparty Ratings Threshold",
within 15 Business Days) of the Ratings Event and the Ratings Event is
continuing, then Party A shall continue to seek a substitute counterparty and,
on or prior to the expiration of such period, post collateral according to the
terms of an ISDA 1994 New York Law Credit Support Annex.  Notwithstanding
anything contained herein to the contrary, if Party A is required to transfer
its rights and obligations under this Agreement pursuant to this Part 5(b)(3)
as a result of a rating issued by S&P, Party A shall, prior to such transfer,
be required to post collateral in accordance with (i) the terms of an ISDA
1994 New York Law Credit Support Annex or (ii) an agreement with Party B
providing for the posting of collateral, which agreement shall satisfy the
Rating Agency Condition and require Party A to post the required collateral.

**_Hedge Counterparty Ratings Requirement_** shall mean (a) either (i) the
unsecured, short-term debt obligations of the substitute counterparty (or its
Credit Support Provider) are rated at least "A-1" by S&P or (ii) if the
substitute counterparty does not have a short-term rating from S&P, the
unsecured, long-term senior debt obligations of the substitute counterparty
(or its Credit Support Provider) are rated at least "A+" by S&P, (b) either
(i) the unsecured, long-term senior debt obligations of such substitute
counterparty (or its Credit Support Provider) are rated at least "A1" by
Moody's (and if rated "A1" by Moody's, such rating is not on watch for
possible downgrade to below "A1") and the unsecured, short-term debt
obligations of such substitute counterparty (or its Credit Support Provider)
are rated at least "P-1" by Moody's (and if rated "P-1" by Moody's, such
rating is not on watch for possible downgrade and remaining on watch for
possible downgrade), or (ii) if such substitute counterparty (or its Credit
Support Provider) does not have a short-term debt rating from Moody's, the
unsecured, long-term senior debt obligations of such substitute counterparty
(or its Credit Support Provider) are rated at least "Aa3" by Moody's (and if
rated "Aa3" by Moody's, such rating is not on watch for possible downgrade to
below "Aa3"), and (c) either (i) the unsecured, long-term senior debt
obligations of such substitute counterparty (or its Credit Support Provider)
are rated at least "A" by Fitch or (ii) the unsecured, short-term debt
obligations of such substitute counterparty (or its Credit Support Provider)
are rated at least "F1" by Fitch. For the purpose of this definition, no
direct or indirect recourse against one or more shareholders of the substitute
counterparty (or against any Person in control of, or controlled by, or under
common control with, any such shareholder) shall be deemed to constitute a
guarantee, security or support of the obligations of the substitute
counterparty.

(c)

Section 3(a) of this Agreement is hereby amended to include the following
additional representations after paragraph 3(a)(v):

(vi)

**_Eligible Contract Participant._** It is an "eligible contract participant"
as defined in the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act.

(vii)

**_Individual Negotiation._** This Agreement and each Transaction hereunder is
subject to individual negotiation by the parties.

(viii)

**_Relationship between Party A and Party B._** Each of Party A and Party B
will be deemed to represent to the other on the date on which it enters into a
Transaction or an amendment thereof that (absent a written agreement between
Party A and Party B that expressly imposes affirmative obligations to the
contrary for that Transaction):

(1)

**_Principal._** It is acting as principal and not as agent when entering into
this Agreement and each Transaction.

(2)

**_Non-Reliance._** It is acting for its own account and it has made its own
independent decisions to enter into that Transaction and as to whether that
Transaction is appropriate or proper for it based upon its own judgment and
upon advice from such advisors as it has deemed necessary. It is not relying
on any communication (written or oral) of the other party as investment advice
or as a recommendation to enter into that Transaction; it being understood
that information and explanations related to the terms and conditions of a
Transaction shall not be considered investment advice or a recommendation to
enter into that Transaction. No communication (written or oral) received from
the other party shall be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the
expected results of that Transaction.

(3)

**_Evaluation and Understanding._** It is capable of evaluating and
understanding (on its own behalf or through independent professional advice),
and understands and accepts, the terms, conditions and risks of this Agreement
and each Transaction hereunder. It is also capable of assuming, and assumes,
all financial and other risks of this Agreement and each Transaction
hereunder.

(4)

**_Status of Parties._** The other party is not acting as a fiduciary or an
advisor for it in respect of that Transaction.

(d)

Section 4 is hereby amended by adding the following new agreement:

(f) **_Actions Affecting Representations._** Party B agrees not to take any
action during the term of this Agreement or any Transaction hereunder that
renders or could render any of the representations and warranties in this
Agreement untrue, incorrect, or incomplete, and if any event or condition
occurs that renders or could render any such representation untrue, incorrect,
or incomplete, Party B will immediately give written notice thereof to Party
A.

(e)

**_Section 1(c).  _**For purposes of Section 1(c) of the Agreement, the
Transaction evidenced by Confirmation, dated September 30, 2005, between Party
A and Party B, as amended from time to time, shall be the sole Transaction
under the Agreement.

(f)

**_Transfer.  _**Section 7 is hereby amended to read in its entirety as
follows:

Except as stated under Section 6(b)(ii), in this Section 7, and Part 5(e) of
the Schedule, neither Party A nor Party B is permitted to assign, novate or
transfer (whether by way of security or otherwise) as a whole or in part any
of its rights, obligations or interests under this Agreement or any
Transaction without the prior written consent of the other party; provided,
however, that (i) Party A may make such a transfer of this Agreement pursuant
to a consolidation or amalgamation with, or merger with or into, or transfer
of substantially all of its assets to, another entity, or an incorporation,
reincorporation or reconstitution, and (ii) Party A may transfer this
Agreement to any Person, including, without limitation, another of Party A's
offices, branches or affiliates (any such Person, office, branch or affiliate,
a "Transferee") on at least five Business Days' prior written notice to Party
B and the Trustee; provided that, with respect to clause (ii), (A) as of the
date of such transfer the Transferee will not be required to withhold or
deduct on account of a Tax from any payments under this Agreement unless the
Transferee will be required to make payments of additional amounts pursuant to
Section 2(d)(i)(4) of this Agreement in respect of such Tax (B) a Termination
Event or Event of Default does not occur under this Agreement as a result of
such transfer; (C) such notice is accompanied by a written instrument pursuant
to which the Transferee acquires and assumes the rights and obligations of
Party A so transferred; and (D) Party A will be responsible for any costs or
expenses incurred in connection with such transfer.  Party B will execute such
documentation as is reasonably deemed necessary by Party A for the
effectuation of any such transfer.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, no such
transfer or assignment (including a transfer or assignment made pursuant to
Section 6(b)(ii)) shall be made unless the transferring party obtains a
written acknowledgment from each of the Rating Agencies that, notwithstanding
such transfer or assignment, the then-current ratings of the Offered
Certificates and the Class B Certificates will not be reduced or withdrawn.

Except as specified otherwise in the documentation evidencing a transfer, a
transfer of all the obligations of Party A made in compliance with this
Section 7 will constitute an acceptance and assumption of such obligations
(and any related interests so transferred) by the Transferee, a novation of
the transferee in place of Party A with respect to such obligations (and any
related interests so transferred), and a release and discharge by Party B of
Party A from, and an agreement by Party B not to make any claim for payment,
liability, or otherwise against Party A with respect to, such obligations from
and after the effective date of the transfer.

(g)

**_Trustee Capacity.  _**It is expressly understood and agreed by the parties
hereto that (i) this Agreement is executed and delivered by the Trustee not
individually or personally but solely as trustee of Supplemental Interest
Trust, Structured Asset Investment Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through
Certificates, Series 2005-8, in the exercise of the powers and authority
conferred and vested in it, (ii) each of the representations, undertakings and
agreements herein made on the part of Supplemental Interest Trust, Structured
Asset Investment Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2005-8
is made and intended not as personal representations, undertakings and
agreements by the Trustee but is made and intended for the purpose of binding
only Supplemental Interest Trust, Structured Asset Investment Loan Trust
Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2005-8, (iii) nothing herein
contained shall be construed as creating any liability on the part of the
Trustee, individually or personally, to perform any covenant either expressed
or implied contained herein, all such liability, if any, being expressly
waived by the parties hereto and by any Person claiming by, through or under
the parties hereto and (iv) under no circumstances shall the Trustee be
personally liable for the payment of any indebtedness or expenses of the Trust
or be liable for the breach or failure of any obligation, representation,
warranty or covenant made or undertaken by Supplemental Interest Trust,
Structured Asset Investment Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates,
Series 2005-8 under this Agreement or any other related documents.

(h)

**_Proceedings_**.  Without impairing any right afforded to it under the Trust
Agreement as a third party beneficiary, Party A shall not institute against or
cause any other person to institute against, or join any other person in
instituting against Structured Asset Investment Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-
Through Certificates, Series 2005-8 any bankruptcy, reorganization,
arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings, or other proceedings under
any federal or state bankruptcy, dissolution or similar law, for a period of
one year and one day following indefeasible payment in full of the
Certificates.  Nothing shall preclude, or be deemed to stop, Party A (i) from
taking any action prior to the expiration of the aforementioned one year and
one day period, or if longer the applicable preference period then in effect,
in (A) any case or proceeding voluntarily filed or commenced by Party B or (B)
any involuntary insolvency proceeding filed or commenced by a Person other
than Party A, or (ii) from commencing against Party B or any of the Collateral
any legal action which is not a bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement,
insolvency, moratorium, liquidation or similar proceeding.

(i)

**_Amendment to Events of Default._**_  _The "Failure to Pay or Deliver"
provision in Section 5(a)(i) of the Agreement is hereby amended by deleting
the word "third" in the third line thereof and inserting the word "first" in
place thereof.

(j)

**_Change of Account_.**  Section 2(b) of this Agreement is hereby amended by
the addition of the following after the word "delivery" in the first line
thereof:-

"to another account in the same legal and tax jurisdiction as the original
account"

(k)

**_Trust Agreement._**

(1)

Capitalized terms used in this Agreement that are not defined herein and are
defined in the Trust Agreement shall have the respective meanings assigned to
them in the Trust Agreement.

(2)

Party B will provide at least ten days' prior written notice to Party A of any
proposed amendment or modification to the Trust Agreement.

(l)

**_Set-off._**  Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement or any other
existing or future agreements, each of Party A and Party B irrevocably waives
as to itself any and all contractual rights it may have to set off, net,
recoup or otherwise withhold or suspend or condition its payment or
performance of any obligation to the other party under this Agreement against
any obligation of one party hereto to the other party hereto arising outside
of this Agreement (which Agreement includes without limitation, the Master
Agreement to which this Schedule is attached, this Schedule and the
Confirmation, and if applicable, any Credit Support Annex hereto).  

(m)

**_Notice of Certain Events or Circumstances_.**  Each party agrees, upon
learning of the occurrence or existence of any event or condition that
constitutes (or that with the giving of notice or passage of time or both
would constitute) an Event of Default or Termination Event with respect to
such party, promptly to give the other party  notice of such event or
condition (or, in lieu of giving notice of such event or condition in the case
of an event or condition that with the giving of notice or passage of time or
both would constitute an Event of Default or Termination Event with respect to
the party, to cause such event or condition to cease to exist before becoming
an Event of Default or Termination Event); **_provided_** that failure to
provide notice of such event or condition pursuant to this Part 5(n) shall not
constitute an Event of Default or a Termination Event.

(n)

**_Regarding Party A_.  **Party B acknowledges and agrees that Party A has had
and will have no involvement in and, accordingly Party A accepts no
responsibility for:  (i) the establishment, structure, or choice of assets of
Party B; (ii) the selection of any person performing services for or acting on
behalf of Party B; (iii) the selection of Party A as the Counterparty; (iv)
the terms of the Certificates; (v) the preparation of or passing on the
disclosure and other information contained in any offering circular for the
Certificates, the Trust Agreement, or any other agreements or documents used
by Party B or any other party in connection with the marketing and sale of the
Certificates; (vi) the ongoing operations and administration of Party B,
including the furnishing of any information to Party B which is not
specifically required under this Agreement; or (vii) any other aspect of Party
B's existence.

(o)**_  _**

**_Regarding Party B_.**  The liability of Party B under this Agreement is
limited in recourse to the assets of the Trust Fund and the Supplemental
Interest Trust (each term, as defined in the Trust Agreement), and to
distributions of interest proceeds and principal proceeds thereon applied in
accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement.   Upon application of and
exhaustion of all of the assets of the Trust Fund and the Supplemental
Interest Trust (and proceeds thereof) in accordance with the Trust Agreement,
Party A shall not be entitled to take any further steps against Party B or
recover any sums due but still unpaid hereunder or thereunder, all claims in
respect of which shall be extinguished. Notwithstanding the foregoing or
anything herein to the contrary, Party A shall not be precluded from declaring
an Event of Default or from exercising any other right or remedy as set forth
in this Agreement or the Trust Agreement.

(p)

**_Rating Agency Condition._**  This Agreement will not be amended unless the
Rating Agency Condition is satisfied.

  

**_[Signature page follows]_**

  
  
  

* * *

  

**IN WITNESS WHEREOF** , the parties have executed this document by their duly
authorized officers with effect from the date so specified on the first page
hereof.

**HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION** |  | **SUPPLEMENTAL INTEREST TRUST, STRUCTURED ASSET INVESTMENT LOAN TRUST MORTGAGE PASS-THROUGH CERTIFICATES, SERIES 2005-8**  
---|---|---  
 |  | By:  U.S. Bank National Association, not in its individual capacity, but solely as Trustee  
_      /s/  Shane Lovell                                            _ |  | _     /s/  Diana J. Kenneally                                       _  
Name:  Shane Lovell |  | Name:  Diana J. Kenneally  
Title:     Senior Vice President |  | Title:     Assistant Vice President  
Date:     September 30, 2005 |  | Date:     September 30, 2005  
