**SCHEDULE
to the
2002 ISDA MASTER AGREEMENT
dated as of December 30, 2015**



**between**



**CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION**

**( "Party A")**



**and**



**MACK-CALI REALTY, L.P.**

**( "Party B")**



**Part  1. Termination Provisions.**



(a) **" Specified Entity" **means, in relation to Party A for the purpose of:



Section 5(a)(v): |    |  Not Applicable
---|---|---
Section 5(a)(vi): |    |  Not Applicable
Section 5(a)(vii): |    |  Not Applicable
Section 5(b)(v): |    |  Not Applicable
  |    |
and in relation to Party B for the purpose of:
  |    |
Section 5(a)(v): |    |  Not Applicable
Section 5(a)(vi): |    |  Not Applicable
Section 5(a)(vii): |    |  Not Applicable
Section 5(b)(v): |    |  Not Applicable



(b) **" Specified Transaction" **will have the meaning specified in Section
14.



(c) The **" Cross Default"** provisions of Section 5(a)(vi) will apply to
Party A and will apply to Party B; provided, that



(i) the phrase "or becoming capable at such time of being declared" shall be
deleted from clause (1) of such Section 5(a)(vi); and



(ii) the following language shall be added to the end thereof: "provided,
however, that an Event of Default shall not occur under either (1) or (2)
above if the default, event of default, or other similar condition or event
referred to in (1) or the failure to pay referred to in (2) is caused not by
the unavailability of funds but is caused solely due to a technical or
administrative error which has been remedied within one (1) Local Business Day
after the original date of payment."



**" Specified Indebtedness" **will have the meaning specified in Section 14 of
the Agreement except that such term shall not include obligations in respect
of deposits received in the ordinary course of a party's banking business.



**" Threshold Amount"** means in relation to Party A, an amount equal to 3% of
the shareholders' equity of Party A; and in relation to Party B, $50,000,000.




* * *





(d) The **" Credit Event Upon Merger"** provisions of Section 5(b)(v) of this
Agreement will apply to Party A and will apply to Party B, except that Section
5(b)(v)(3) shall not apply to Party A or Party B.



(e) The** "Automatic Early Termination"** provision of Section 6(a) will not
apply to Party A and will not apply to Party B.



(f) **" Termination Currency"** means United States Dollars.



(g) **Additional Termination Event** shall not apply to either party.



**Part  2. Tax Representations.**



(a) **Payer Tax Representations. **For the purposes of Section 3(e), Party A
and Party B make the following representation:



It is not required by any applicable law, as modified by the practice of any
relevant governmental revenue authority, of any Relevant Jurisdiction to make
any deduction or withholding for or on account of any Tax from any payment
(other than interest under Section 9(h) of this Agreement) to be made by it to
the other party under this Agreement. In making this representation, it may
rely on (i) the accuracy of any representations made by the other party
pursuant to Section 3(f) of this Agreement, (ii) the satisfaction of the
agreement contained in Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of this Agreement, and the
accuracy and effectiveness of any document provided by the other party
pursuant to Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of this Agreement, and (iii) the
satisfaction of the agreement of the other party contained in Section 4(d) of
this Agreement, _provided_ that it shall not be a breach of this
representation where reliance is placed on clause (ii) and the other party
does not deliver a form or document under Section 4(a)(iii) by reason of
material prejudice to its legal or commercial position.



(b) **Payee Tax Representations.**



For the purposes of Section 3(f), Party A makes the following representations:



Party A represents that it is a U.S. person for U.S. federal income tax
purposes.



For purposes of Section 3(f), Party B makes the following representations:



Party B represents that it is a U.S. person for U.S. federal income tax
purposes.



**Part  3. **
Agreement to Deliver Documents



For the purpose of Section 4(a)(i) and (ii) of this Agreement, each party
agrees to deliver the following documents:



(a) Tax forms, documents or certificates to be delivered under Section 4(a)
are:



**Party  required to
deliver document** |  ** ** |  **Forms/Documents/Certificates** |  ** ** |  **Date  by which
to be delivered**
---|---|---|---|---
Party A and Party B |    |  An executed United States Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 (or any successor thereto). |    |  (i) Upon execution of this Agreement, (ii) promptly upon reasonable request by the other party, and (iii) promptly upon learning that any such form




* * *





  |    |    |    |  previously provided has become obsolete, incorrect, or ineffective.
---|---|---|---|---
  |    |    |    |
Party A and Party B |    |  Any form, document or certificate reasonably requested by the other party in order for such other party to be able to make payments hereunder without withholding for or on account of Taxes or with such withholding at a reduced rate. |    |  Upon earlier of (i) reasonable demand (ii) the other party learning that the form or document is required.



(b) Other documents to be delivered are:



**Party
required to
deliver** |  ** ** |  **Form/Document/Certificate** |  ** ** |  **Date  by which to be
delivered** |  ** ** |  **Covered  by
Section 3(d)
Representation**
---|---|---|---|---|---|---
Party A and Party B |    |  Certified copies of all corporate authorizations and any other documents with respect to the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. |    |  Upon execution and delivery of this Agreement |    |  Yes
  |    |    |    |    |    |
Party A and Party B |    |  Certificate of authority and specimen signatures of individuals executing this Agreement and each confirmation. |    |  Upon execution and delivery of this Agreement and thereafter upon request of the other party. |    |  Yes



**Part  4. Miscellaneous**



(a) **Addresses for Notices.** For the purpose of Section 12(a):



Address for notices or communications to Party A:




* * *





Capital One, National Association
---
1680 Capital One Drive
McLean, VA 22102
Attention: |    |  Treasury Trading Operations
Telephone No.: |    |  703-720-1254
Facsimile No.: |    |  703-720-2165
Email: |    |  tradingops@capitalone.com





Address for notices or communications to Party B:
---
  |    |    |    |
Address: |    |  MACK-CALI REALTY, L.P. |    |
  |    |  343 Thornall Street, 8th Floor |    |
  |    |  Edison, NJ 08837-2206 |    |
Attention: |    |  William Fitzpatrick |    |
Phone: |    |  732.590.1510 |    |
Fax: |    |  732.205.8237 |    |
Email: |    |  bfitzpatrick@mack-cali.com |    |
  |    |    |    |
With a copy to: |    |    |    |
  |    |    |    |
Address: |    |  Chatham Financial Corporation |    |
  |    |  235 Whitehorse Lane |    |
  |    |  Kennett Square, PA 19348 |    |
Attention: |    |  Paul Elsen |    |
Phone: |    |  484-731-0427 |    |
Email: |    |  pelsen@chathamfinancial.com |    |



(b) **Process Agent.** For the purpose of Section 13(c):



Party A appoints as its Process Agent: Not applicable.



Party B appoints as its Process Agent: Not applicable.



(c) **Offices.** The provisions of Section 10(a) will apply to this Agreement.



(d) **Multibranch Party.** For the purpose of Section 10(c):



Party A is not a Multibranch Party.



Party B is not a Multibranch Party.



(e) **Calculation Agent**. The Calculation Agent is Party A; provided,
however, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing with respect to
Party A, then Party B may appoint an independent leading dealer in the
relevant market to act as substitute Calculation Agent, subject to Party A's
reasonable acceptance.  A "Leading Dealer" means a leading dealer in the
relevant market that is not an Affiliate of either of the parties.



(f) **Credit Support Document**. Credit Support Document means, in relation to
Party A, none and, in relation to Party B, none.



(g) **Credit Support Provider**. Credit Support Provider means, in relation to
Party A, none, and, in relation to Party B, none.




* * *





(h) **Governing Law. **This Agreement will be governed by and construed in
accordance with the law of the State of New York (without reference to choice
of law doctrine).



(i) **Netting of Payments.** "Multiple Transaction Payment Netting" will not
apply for the purpose of Section 2(c) of this Agreement; provided, that Party
A and Party B may agree from time to time that Multiple Transaction Payment
Netting will apply to certain specific Transactions.



(j) **" Affiliate" **will have the meaning specified in Section 14 of this
Agreement.



(k) **Absence of Litigation _._** For the purpose of Section 3(c):



_" Specified Entity"_ means in relation to Party A, None.



_" Specified Entity"_ means in relation to Party B, None.



(l) **No Agency.** The provisions of Section 3(g) will apply to this
Agreement.



(m) **Additional Representation** will apply. For the purposes of Section 3 of
this Agreement each the following will constitute an Additional
Representation:



(i) **Relationship Between Parties.** Each party will be deemed to represent
to the other party on the date on which it enters into a Transaction that
(absent a written agreement between the parties that expressly imposes
affirmative obligations to the contrary for that Transaction):



(1) _Non-Reliance_. It is acting for its own account, and it has made its own
independent decisions to enter into that Transaction and as to whether that
Transaction is appropriate or proper for it is based upon its own judgement
and upon advice from such advisers as it has deemed necessary. It is not
relying on any communication (written or oral) of the other party as
investment advice or as a recommendation to enter into that Transaction; it
being understood that information and explanations related to the terms and
conditions of a Transaction shall not be considered investment advice or a
recommendation to enter into that Transaction. No communication (written or
oral) received from the other party shall be deemed to be an assurance or
guarantee as to the expected results of the Transaction.



(2) _Assessment and Understanding_. It is capable of assessing the merits of
and understanding (on its own behalf or through independent professional
advice), and understands and accepts, the terms, conditions and risks of that
Transaction. It is also capable of assuming, and assumes, the risks of that
Transaction.



(3) _Status of Parties_. The other party is not acting as a fiduciary for or
an adviser to it in respect of that Transaction.



(4) _Eligible Contract Participant_. It is an "eligible contract participant"
as defined in the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, as amended.



(5) _ERISA and Special Entity_. Each party represents to the other party
(which representations will be deemed to be repeated by each party on each
date on which a Transaction is entered into or materially modified) (i) its
assets do not and, prior to termination of this Agreement, and all
Transactions hereunder, do not and will not, constitute "plan assets" under
Section 3(42) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
amended ("ERISA"), and otherwise are not and will not be subject to Part 4,
Subtitle B, Title I of ERISA or Section




* * *





4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended; (ii) either (x) its
assets do not and, prior to termination of the Agreement, and all Transactions
hereunder, will not constitute the assets of any "governmental plan" within
the meaning of Section 3(32) of ERISA that invests in it and are not and will
not otherwise (along with the Agreement, and all Transactions hereunder) be
subject to any law, rule or other restriction applicable to the assets of any
such governmental plan ("Governmental Plan Law") or (y) the execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement, and the Transactions hereunder do
not and will not violate any Governmental Plan Law; and (iii) it is not a
"Special Entity" as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended. It will
not take or permit any action (including, without limitation, permitting or
effecting withdrawals from it or transfers of interests in it) during the term
of this Agreement that may render any of the foregoing representations and/or
warranties untrue, incorrect or incomplete. If, notwithstanding the foregoing,
a party is a Special Entity at the time any Transaction is entered into,
materially modified, or outstanding, and Party A is not then registered as a
Swap Dealer with the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission then,
notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (1) such party shall not be
deemed to be a party to, or Credit Support Provider of, such Transaction; and
(2) such exclusion shall have no effect on any other obligations of any such
person under the Credit Agreement nor any effect on any other party, if any,
to the Transaction. Further, any such event shall be an Additional Termination
Event under Part 5(vi) for which Party B shall be the sole Affected Party.



(n) **Recording of Conversations.** Each party consents to the recording of
telephone conversations between the trading, marketing and other relevant
personnel of the parties in connection with this Agreement or any potential
Transaction and agrees, to the extent permitted by the applicable law, that
recordings may be submitted in evidence to any court or legal proceedings for
the purpose of establishing any matters relating to this Agreement.



**Part  5. Other Provisions.**



(a) **Scope of Agreement. **Notwithstanding anything contained in this
Agreement to the contrary, any transaction (other than a repurchase
transaction, reverse repurchase transaction, buy/sell-back transaction or
securities lending transaction) which may otherwise constitute a "Specified
Transaction" (without regard to the phrase "which is not a Transaction under
this Agreement but" in the definition of "Specified Transaction") for purposes
of this Agreement which has been or will be entered into between the parties
shall constitute a "Transaction" which is subject to, governed by, and
construed in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, unless any
Confirmation with respect to a Transaction entered into after the execution of
this Agreement expressly provides otherwise.



(b) **Dodd-Frank Information**. In accordance with the notice procedures set
forth in this Agreement, each Party agrees to promptly provide the other Party
with any information reasonably requested by such other Party to enable such
other Party to comply with Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and
Consumer Protection Act and CFTC Regulations in connection with any
Transaction outstanding between the Parties under this Agreement.



(f) **Record-keeping _._** Each Party shall comply with the applicable
recordkeeping requirements set forth in CFTC Regulation 45.2(b). Each Party
shall also comply with the applicable recordkeeping retention and retrieval
requirements set forth in CFTC Regulations 45.2(c), (d), (e)




* * *





and (h). In accordance with U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the
"CFTC") Regulation 45.8, Party A shall be the "reporting counterparty" (as
that term is defined in CFTC Regulation 45.1) with respect to all Transactions
under this Agreement. As the "reporting counterparty," Party A will provide
and report to a registered a "swap data repository" as defined in Section
1a(48) of the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, and CFTC Regulations all of
the information and data required to be reported under CFTC Regulations with
respect to the Transactions and events under this Agreement.



(c) [Reserved]



(d) **Waiver of Trial by Jury**. Each party waives, to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, any right it may have to a trial by jury in
respect of any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any
Transaction.



(e) **Severability**. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be
illegal, invalid or unenforceable, the legality, validity and enforceability
of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected or
impaired thereby. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction
shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other
jurisdiction.



(f) **Transfer** _._   Section 7 of this Agreement is hereby amended by
inserting the following phrase "which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld" in the third line thereof after the word "party" and before the word
"except".



(g) **Accuracy of Specified Information.** Section 3(d) is hereby amended by
adding in the third line thereof after the word "respect" and before the
period, the phrase "or, in the case of audited or unaudited financial
statements, a fair presentation in all material respects of the financial
condition of the relevant person."



(h) **2002 Master Agreement Protocol**. The parties agree that the definitions
and provisions contained in Annexes 1 to 16 and Section 6 of the 2002 Master
Agreement Protocol published by the International Swaps and Derivatives
Association, Inc. on 15th July, 2003 are incorporated into and apply to this
Agreement.



(i) **Withholding Tax imposed on payments to non-US counterparties under the
United States Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act**. "Tax" as used in Part
2(a)(Payer Tax Representation) and "Indemnifiable Tax" as defined in Section
14 shall not include any U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed or collected
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended (the "Code") and any current or future regulations or
official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to
Section 1471(b) of the Code, and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules
or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into
in connection with the implementation of such Sections ("FATCA Withholding
Tax"). For the avoidance of doubt, the FATCA Withholding Tax is a Tax the
deduction or withholding of which is required by applicable law for purposes
of Section 2(d).



(j) **Incorporation of 2006 ISDA Definitions**. The definitions and provisions
contained in the 2006 ISDA Definitions ("2006 Definitions") each as published
by the International Swap Dealers Association, Inc., are incorporated into any
Confirmation which supplements and forms part of this Agreement, and all
capitalised terms used in a Confirmation shall have the meaning set forth in
the 2006 Definitions, unless otherwise defined in a Confirmation. In the event
of any conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and the provisions of
the 2006 Definitions, the provisions of this Agreement shall apply, and in the
event of any conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and a
Confirmation, the provisions of the Confirmation shall apply.



(k) **Protocol Covered Agreement**. For purposes of the ISDA August 2012 DF
Protocol Agreement published on August 13, 2012, and the ISDA March 2013 DF
Protocol Agreement published on March 22, 2013 (the "Protocol Agreement"), the
parties acknowledge and agree that this




* * *





Agreement shall constitute a Protocol Covered Agreement as defined under the
Protocol Agreement.



(l) **Incorporation of Exclusionary Terms**. The parties agree that the
definitions and provisions contained in the ISDA Non-ECP Guarantor
Exclusionary Terms published by the International Swaps and Derivatives
Association, Inc., on April 18, 2013 are incorporated into and apply to the
Agreement.



**PART  6: Additional Terms for Foreign Exchange and Currency Option
Transactions**



(a) **Incorporation of Definitions.**  The 1998 FX and Currency Option
Definitions (the "FX Definitions"), published by the International Swaps and
Derivatives Association, Inc., the Emerging Markets Traders Association and
The Foreign Exchange Committee, are hereby incorporated by reference with
respect to FX Transactions (as defined in the FX Definitions) and Currency
Option Transactions (as defined in the FX Definitions). Terms defined in the
FX Definitions shall have the same meanings in this Part 6.



(b) **Scope and Confirmations.**   Any confirmation in respect of any FX
Transaction or Currency Option Transaction into which the parties may enter,
or may have entered into prior to the date hereof, that fails by its terms to
expressly exclude the application of this Agreement shall (to the extent not
otherwise provided for in this Agreement) (i) constitute a "Confirmation" as
referred to in this Agreement even where not so specified in such confirmation
and (ii) supplement form a part of, and be subject to this Agreement, and all
provisions in this Agreement will govern such Confirmation except as modified
therein.  Without limitation of the forgoing, where an FX Transaction or
Currency Option Transaction is confirmed by means of exchange of electronic
messages on an electronic messaging system or by means of facsimile or telex
(whether manually or automatically generated) or other document or confirming
evidence shall constitute a Confirmation for the purposes of this Agreement
even where not so specified therein.



(c) **Automatic Exercise.**   Section 3.6(c) of the FX Definitions is hereby
amended by deleting the words "equal or" from the fifth line and by replacing
the words "the product of (i) one percent of the Strike Price multiplied by (
ii ) the Call Currency Amount or the Put Currency Amount, as appropriate" with
"zero". Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Confirmation, "Automatic
Exercise" will apply to any Currency Option Transaction under this agreement.



[_Signatures to follow on the next page_]




* * *





**IN WITNESS WHEREOF** , the parties have executed this document on the date
specified on the first page of this document.



**CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION** |  **MACK-CALI REALTY, L.P.**
---|---
  |
  |  By:  |  Mack-Cali Realty Corporation,  its general partner
  |
  |
By: |  /s/ Chirag Patel |    |  By:  |  /s/ Anthony Krug
Name: Chirag Patel |  Name: Anthony Krug
Title: VP Capital Markets |  Title: Chief Financial Officer
|  |  |  |




* * *
